This campaign requires the following add-on module to be played:

The Night City Gang & Corp Mook Pack - supplies enemies for encounters; without it, you'll need to create your own.

Note: the mook pack includes a wide variety of homebre tweaks which are optional but highly recommended. Review its journal entries and discuss with your party which pieces, if any, you would like to implement, before starting the campaign.

Other Things You Should Know

This game is designed for 3-6 player characters which each have 4-6 total role ability levels - edgerunners that have only just started their journey.

Monetary progression is provided through mission rewards.

IP awards are at GM discretion, but while building the pack, Prometheus used the tables found in the core rulebook on pages 410-411.

Like any campaign in RED, these missions are potentially lethal. Decide how you plan to handle new characters, and have a frank conversation with your players that death is a part of the setting.

Suggested guidance for new/replacement characters:

When a character dies, their loot is distributed according to availability and the living characters, so their having a last will written out is a good idea.

Of any Euros a character might have, half are lost/inaccessible. The other half are distributed as loot.

Have the player produce a replacement character using the Complete Package ruleset, but don't provide them with extra euros, IP, etc. - starting characters in RED are already powerful if made correctly.

Introduce the character the next time the party starts a new mission.

This campaign does not include Netrunning infrastructure, for an abundance of reasons including complexity, time, and preference. If you intend to use default netrunning, you'll need to implement it yourself.

The Mook Pack includes an streamlined, alternative Netrunning schema and supporting items, including netdecks and programs, the use of which can be implemented seamlessly alongside regular gameplay as a substitute.

For more details see Netrunning: Rebooted, a journal included in the compendia of the Mook Pack.

Setup

Import all content from the adventure compendium. Install and enable the mook pack, then Import mooks from the mook pack compendium as needed on a session-to-session basis.

Known Bug: when importing a large number of objects from compendia simultaneously (such as the entire compendium of mooks or items), some of the objects involved might break in various ways, the most common of which is becoming inaccessible in their associated tab when clicked. To fix, import small numbers of mooks or items at a time.

Known Performance Issue: Stockpiling large quantities of objects such as scenes, items or actors outside of compendia can significantly affect Foundry's loading times. For best results, import only what you need from compendia for a session, then delete the local copies after you're finished with the content.

Read through @UUID[Compendium.night-city-gang-and-corp-mook-pack.NCGangsnCorpsOther.JournalEntry.uTvChMzbsBogllYG]{1. Night City Gangs & Corps - Associated Homebrew} and discuss with your players which systems, if any, from that pack you'll be implementing.

Read through @UUID[JournalEntry.Ldgn7Vl82Fzdxvxe]{1. Afterlife Eagles/Background Points - A Primer} and decide which mode of this pack's primary currency you'll be implementing.

Eagles will be introduced almost immediately, but won't be able to buy much of consequence until you've finished the first three or four missions for the Afterlife.

Read through @UUID[JournalEntry.lOPeb4MP4HHxo0tn]{2. Friends And Enemies}, and decide if you intend to use the system - if so, ensure your players understand how to make friends and have a full roster of low-detail enemies.

Read through the introduction section of this journal, next. Once you've done that, you're ready to go!

Important Note: Per-mission setup

Missions have been constructed to be run with minimal prep. However, I still recommend spending a few minutes to complete the setup instructions outlined at the start of each mission beat, and skimming the content contained within them so as to not miss anything. For most of the content included in the pack, setup can be finished in 30 minutes or less, in this regard.

(By Prometheus)