Read this prompt to the player who has the most renown within your current party - the highest personal rep, the most well known, the party leader, whoever.

Another day in Night City…

An uncomfortable, sticky drizzle is slowly settling on the streets of the city, carrying with it the thick stink of smog, industrial waste, dust from the Badlands and the ever-present scent of the metropolis - garbage in the alleyways, and human refuse in the sewers and gutters.

You pause and stumble as you’re shoulder-checked by a passerby wearing a black overcoat. They were moving quickly, - you barely had time to clock even their most obvious features. “Sorry bruv,” you hear a gruff, female voice say in a thick cockney accent, but by the time you turn, they’re gone.

Your hands fly to your pockets and your sockets - that could’ve easily been a theft attempt. It’s a relief to find everything where you left it - and then some. In your pocket is a business card you don’t recognize. The card is printed in a flowing cursive font, in glowing ink on a holographic card stock, and reads:

"The services of you and yours are kindly requested at 66 Lincoln Blvd, Upper Marina, at 3:00 this afternoon. Refreshments - and the opportunity for paid work - will be provided. Please dress professionally! Come, serve, and be of service."

Included in your pocket alongside the card is a coin made of gold, about the size of a silver dollar. It's stamped with an eagle on one side, and the noble form of a greek goddess on the other.

A DV17 Education check reveals that the coin's stamp is of Libertas (sometimes imagined as Columbia), a goddess of liberty. A DV13/15 Local Expert (Upper Marina/anywhere else in NC) reveals that the location mentioned is the rumored location of something called the Afterlife, an old solo bar which closed down in the early 30s.

All other information will have to be investigated on-scene.

You're Ready To Start! See Mission 1 To Do So.

Almost all narration in this campaign from this point on will be done from the perspective of Vido Dubois, AKA "the Frenchman." You can see his mook sheet for more information about him. He speaks with a thick french accent and has a devil-may-care attitude towards everything from romance to robbery.