This scene uses the @UUID[Scene.H9Xf3i0THBRbdHa6]{Afterlife Floor 2} scene. To begin:

Place @Actor[5jUfSTLGzd7EEBWX]{Rogue Amendiares, The Owner} in her office - the big one in the upper leftcorner.

Place the player tokens in the hallway, at the south side of the scene.

Then read the following

The Appetizer

It's been a beautiful day in Night City, and now, evening is setting in. During the day, a courier arrived for each of you, tracking you down through the city streets, delivering letters stamped with the Afterlife's Eagle insignia. Inside, the Owner has asked you to meet her once again - in her office, this time, on the second floor of the building. Why she's gone to the trouble of sending a letter instead of just texting you, remains to be seen - it's not as though anything in the letter was particularly sensitive.

Still, though - arriving on the scene, you find the Afterlife once again buzzing with activity. It's far from the shell of a club it was when you first saw it - now, the doors are opening and closing regularly to make way for execs, gang leaders, and edgerunners. The building itself is still nondescript, but it seems the secret is out.

Inside, Sprinter is busy handling rooms for customers, but gives you a friendly wave, and you head upstairs to the second floor for the first time - to her right, instead of her left. You follow the signs for administration, and pass an elegant, unused dining hall on the way. The admin area itself is rather mundane by comparison - handsome wood paneling covers the walls, but otherwise, it's unremarkable. The Owner's office is much the same; she looks up from a holographic keyboard as you enter, but whatever she's typing is obscured from view behind her chyrons. The actual computer on her desk goes unused.

"It's time to get the Afterlife's dining services running - the last thing we'll need before going world class. And that requires a cook. Fortunately, I've got just the person in mind."

As usual, the Owner is blunt and to the point, though if the party has been successful on their prior missions, they've gained a fair measure of her respect.

The coming mission is a Rogue special - she plied her talents as one of Night City's top fixers to secure the location of a Michelin chef for the Afterlife's kitchen. Of course, nothing is ever simple, and even for the Afterlife's wallet, a Michelin chef would be quite the expense. So, she's improvising.

The chef's name is William Fenison, an eccentric genius who went missing recently.

Chef Fenison's last appearance was at a NightCorp gala, last month - he didn't make it home, afterwards.

Fortunately, the Owner's already done the hard part in tracking him down.

After nearly 30 days without a trace, the Owner managed to secure the details about an… auction… that's being held in the basement of an apartment complex in the Glen, which the chef is catering.

The auction is selling trafficked people.

Most of it's attendees are current or former high level execs who've gone completely psycho.

The auction's security (and its contents) are being provided by scavs.

While the Owner wasn't able to confirm what was being served, given the auction's contents, she fears the worst.

She's sure, however, that the Chef would not cooperate willingly, and is certainly being held captive somehow.

Given how easy it would be for him to poison the food, she suspects he's being held on a very short leash.

She was able to secure the party invites, and also knows the following about the event:

The event is illegal even by Night City standards, but with so many NightCorp officials involved, there's no way the NCPD will respond.

The event is white-tie, and she's commissioned a suit of Torrell and Chiang @UUID[Compendium.cyberpunk-red-core.black-chrome_armor.7Ki9v2iwMH8AZp8B]{Executive Armor} for each member of the party (awarded at the start of the next scene).

Security will be tight, with exceptions.

It's no secret that certain members of the community can pretty much do what they want.

The party, though, will need to pack light and conceal their weapons.

For best results, she advises the party figure out the following before heading in (see beat 2):

Who's running the show (one or more enemies chosen as part of the mission summary)

There are three points of interest, in this regard: the auctioneer, the event's leader, and the head of security.

What's keeping Chef Fenison cooperative.

How the party will persuade him to come work for the Afterlife, when rescuing him.

She provides the party the address to Fenison's apartment to try and find out more about him.

When players are ready to begin chasing down those leads, proceed to beat 2.