The FM Receiver Crackles, The Pirate Wavelength Carrying A Cool, Seductive Female Voice…

"Good evening Night Owls, and what a beautiful evening it is! This is Nightlight, voice of the city, here to take the scream out of the sheets and into your ears for those of you who are putting this lovely night to better use than reading the news. If you've got the CHOOH, Nightlight recommends a quick trip to the Pacifica Coast - those beaches will be empty and pristine at this time of night - just be careful of the RatSec trawling the sand.

"Our top story tonight is colored Soylent Green, with Continental Brands facing fresh accusations that those protein crumbles in their hambanger kibble bags might have more in common with the folks eating them than the animals they're supposed to be eating. Continental has denied the allegations of course, but with the death of the third whistleblower in the last 72 hours, I'm keeping my pretty hands firmly in the fruit flavors from here on out. Synth-sirloin and locust paste will have to do for the rest of you, unless you're interested in, heh, meating Night City's denizens a little more intimately than you might've expected.

"In other news, still haven't heard anyone claim responsibility for the Militech convoy hijacking from earlier this month. Militech's still offering a bounty for anyone who's got good information, and following a string of false flags, the NCPD's offering a cushy concrete cell to anyone Militech says isn't reliable. It's standing room only in the holding cells this week, folks, so unless you want to catch a bad case of everything, I'd steer clear.

"Last but not least, it looks like someone at Night Corp is cleaning house - over a dozen upper management positions have opened up over the last 10 days, anyone's guess as to why, so if you're a Rat looking for a new sewer to hide in and your noncompete's run out, well, maybe give the NC Mob another shot.

"More on Night City's recent employment boom next, but first, it's the Black Rabbit with "Corporate Conscript." This has been Nightlight, and I hope I made your night a little brighter."