This beat continues Beat 3, and no further setup is required. It begins when players are prepared to leave, or when their cover IDs have been compromised.

Getting Out Alive

As mentioned in Beat 2, Chef Fenison will not leave until he's been assured that his daughter is safe. He won't be able to leave until the bomb in his head has been dealt with - as soon as someone notices he's missing, the bomb will be set off.

He also will not be allowed to leave by anyone at the event while any of the three named characters are present, but especially Trevor Green - any attempts will result in security stopping the party until they can verify whatever the lie was with the named character, at which point they will find out the truth and turn hostile towards the party.

The easiest way to get Chef Fenison out alive is to wait until the auction is over and hide somewhere while waiting for the waitstaff to be disposed of and the Chef carted off.

Speaking of which…

On The Waitstaff

The waitstaff know nothing, except that they're in over their heads. They're all a part of a corporation that subcontracts for Night Corp and whose employees have a long-standing reputation for going missing. Each was searched for an agent or other communication device on the way in, and 1 hour after the event ends, the scavs will take them out to the side alley, where they'll be escorted into an unmarked van, taken to the Old Combat Zone, executed, and their bodies dumped.

They don't know this will happen, of course, but given the evening's subject matter, it might not take much to push them to this conclusion.

On The "Merchandise"

If your players are decent people, they might want to try and rescue the people being auctioned off. Unfortunately, altruism rarely gets one far in Night City.

There is no listed reward for rescuing the would-be slaves. Each of them is drugged and/or scared out of their wits, and while they might respond to a heroic rescuer, how they'd respond is left to GM discretion. This module recommends blind panic.

Should the players choose to go out of their way to rescue the captives, 1d4 or 1d6 Humanity can be awarded to the participating characters, at GM discretion.

On Security

The event security are the "shoot first, ask questions later" type of hired guns, and paid well for it. No private security in Night City has any moral scruples to speak of - such things are left to the gangs. They will avoid shooting the guests where they can, since doing so is bad business, and know the penalty for blabbing about who was in attendance at the auction.

They're very bullet-liberal and not afraid to get messy, and care about little beyond their next paycheck. They are not friendly, and are all the type of person that can be trusted to secure a slave auction for wealth corpos. Roleplay accordingly.

Do note, the NCPD has been paid off to ignore calls from this area tonight, and will not respond if notified, whether by the party or by RatSec. The only person who can circumvent this restriction is Luna Bianchi.

On The Guests

When the shooting starts, some guests might be entertained, others might panic - at GM discretion.

Most have brought a team of some kind with them. These team members will work to defend their employer however possible, and work with the event security to do so - though they'll always stay within reach of their employer, and will prioritize that person's health and safety above any other orders, regardless of who gives them.

In the event that the audience panics, there will be a stampede towards the front exit, and a crush. How this plays out is at GM discretion, but if nothing else, it will likely block the most prominent escape route for several rounds.

Once players have managed to get out of the auction, proceed to beat 5.