The FM Receiver Crackles, The Pirate Wavelength Carrying A Cool, Seductive Female Voice…

Good morning and good evening Night Owls, this is Nightlight, voice of the city, taking the scream out of the sheets and into your ears because let's be honest, the way our education system works, most of you probably can't read anything that doesn't say jugs on the cover. That's not a slight - with all the neuralware out there and an Agent in your pocket, who needs the skill anymore? Let's get into it.

Tonight's story is one you'll only hear here, folks - with a rash of high-level exec disappearances across the Glen and Little Europe, Network 54 isn't reporting and nobody else seems to care, leaving the job to yours truly. What makes the case unusual is the lack of responsibility - no gangs or corps have stepped up to take credit or even deny an accusation, and these aren't exactly little people disappearing, either - total net worth of the dozen or so rats missing from their cages tops a cool 200 million eddies. Body snatchers, anti-corporate vigilantes, or dirty boardroom politics gone wrong? You be the judge.

In other news, dear ol' Nightlight's been asked to publish a remission for the first time ever! Seems one Continental Brands was unhappy with last week's insinuation that their synth-sirloin kibble was more man than moo, so it's time to clear the air - Nightlight never meant to insinuate anything. Now that we're up to 4 dead whistleblowers, she's outright accusing. Let's see the kibble queen get off her throne and give a tour to one of those medias blaming her for profits over people, instead of just deflecting, hm?

Finally, I'd keep an eye on your local fixer, my little Nightcrawlers - air traffic broke records last months - the sky's filled with the megazepps bringing you everything from agents to rocket launchers, and the markets are booming - almost makes you forget about the scarcity economy. If you don't have an invitation for your local block, well, maybe it's time to take 6th Street up on that offer for extra muscle and look at getting yourself noticed. Me personally, I'm on the look out for a new set of bedsheets, something with a thread count a little higher than zero. We'll have to see how that goes.

Up next it's the Jason the Slasher with Bone To Pick - keep it cold as old bones, Night City, until tomorrow.

