This beat uses the @Scene[fqgvewCqt8z94mll]{The 7th Circle Bar & Casino} scene, as it's usually appeared until now - populate it at your discretion (with the Owner being placed in the blue room) and then read the following.

Spooky Scary

It's midnight, and you're on the job again. The Owner's text to you didn't tell you much, just to be discrete and meet her in the blue room in the 7th Circle - soundproof and regularly checked for bugs. Whatever you're going to talk about, she doesn't want word getting out.

Downstairs, the club is busy and nobody notices you enter except for Silvers at the door. The crowd is thick around you, melting across the floor in a mass of bodies and alcohol. They part around the doorwoman as she escorts you to the back of the club, and punches in a special code at the locked door of the blue room. She doesn't say a word, just holds the door for you as you make your way inside.

Sitting on one of the room's plush sofas is the Owner. Behind you, the door seals with a hiss, and the lights go down until you can only see shadows where your friends' faces should be. The Owner's cybereyes glow in the darkness, and the holographic table in the center of the room glows dimly to match.

"Get comfortable," she says. "Let's talk."

With the Afterlife's customer-facing services online, the Owner has shifted focus to the final pieces of her kingdom. The first of these is a means of keeping her affairs discrete, even when they involve bodies hitting the floor.

The Owner already has a cleanup crew in mind: a cyberpsycho named Bones Malone and his boys, the Rattlers.

Bones is a skeletally-styled former mafioso and classic gangster type with NightCorp connections.

His gang are a group of posers, essentially - freaky odds and ends that Bones has attracted over the years who stay close for mutual safety from NC's apex predators.

Bones was once responsible for cleaning up NightCorp's messes, when boardroom discussions went the wrong direction or a street gang didn't play ball.

After awhile, he realized he had a lot more power in secrets than he was being paid for, and NightCorp decided to contain the situation in the most brutal fashion possible.

The NCPD arrested Bones and his boys, and they were supposed to be executed. Instead, the NCPD's own cleanup crew decided to appropriate Bones' services for themselves, and they've been locked up in a basement somewhere in Night City ever since.

While the Owner knows for certain that the NCPD has Bones, she doesn't know where he is - the means and method the NCPD use for cleaning up their messes and keeping out of the media's eye is one of the most closely guarded secrets in the city.

This secret is itself anomalous - the Owner doesn't like not knowing things, especially when she doesn't know why they're so hard to figure out.

(Note: the NCPD sergeant in charge of the operation is an Arasaka deep-cover operative using the position to gather secrets and build a power base in the city - this can be revealed to your players later, in beat 3).

The mystery behind this secret is also why the party is meeting in the blue room instead of Rogue's office or somewhere similar.

That said, once found, she's certain she can get Bones and the Rattlers to play along; given what they know and their status as a psychogang, she's certain she can convince them to work by offering psychosis treatments, relative freedom, and the opportunity to hit back at Night Corp and the NCPD.

The party's job: to find Bones and his crew and free them from NCPD custody, which is itself going to be none-too-easy. The Owner is also offering bonuses if the party can figure out why and how the location of Bones and his boys were kept so secret.

She has an initial lead for the party to follow - if the party's looking for disposal services, all they need to do is follow the trail of bodies. When players are ready to get started, proceed to beat 2.