This scene takes place in @UUID[Scene.aNH5f8HeCSS472Gr]{Afterlife Sublevel 3.} To begin, place the Owner, the player tokens, and any surviving members of Bones' crew in the furnace room, then read the following:

Safe Returns

It's only half a relief when the Owner steps out of the elevator and into the safehouse you've occupied. Hours have passed since you were upstairs, and none of you have any idea what's going on - but poking your head out could expose your position and ruin the entire plan, leaving you to quietly wait and watch old reality TV show DVDs on the safehouse's television.

Eventually, though, the Owner arrives, flanked by her head of security. She congratulates you, and Silvers produces a specialized transponder to highlight the tracking devices in each Rattler. Some are buried deep, but the borgs don't seem to mind as she digs through their endoskeletons without much regard for precision. Just one more benefit of a pain inhibitor.

Eventually the devices are found and destroyed, and the Owner introduces herself to Bones, then invites you back to the Afterlife - it's time for the bottom floor to finally be unveiled.

Switch to the Afterlife Sublevel 3 scene.

The Basement

It's a long trip back to the Afterlife, but not a complicated one. Silvers had a route mapped in advance - by the time you're above ground again, you're deep in the Old Combat Zone, far away from any kind of NCPD jurisdiction. The local 6th Street patrols that operate in their stead barely even spare you a glance - a couple of discrete cab rides later courtesy of the Afterlife, and you're safe and sound back at the hotel.

This time, the Owner leads you down, down, down - 3 stories below ground level.

"Welcome home Bones - this will be your new operating center," she says, and flips on the lights.

The room is spacious, considering its location, and well-stocked. A pair of furnaces are glowing against one wall, along with everything a crew like Bones would need - rugs, plastic wrap, an excess of cleaning supplies, and whatever else goes into making a crime scene look like it isn't a crime scene.

Bones and his crew get acquainted with the room, admiring the state-of-the-art everything, and the Owner reminds them that they'll have free reign of the place so long as they don't cause problems - officially, they'll be joining Silvers' security team.

Then she turns back to the party, producing her usual envelopes containing your pay for a job well done. She has a couple more ideas to fill the last few empty rooms - but that'll be for later. For now, she invites you to some well-earned R&R upstairs - drinks are on her.

If the gig was completed successfully, players earn their payout, and Bones' services become available immediately - check out @UUID[JournalEntry.fJorCR9hOoEzw0WA]{09. Disposal Services} for more details. Bones and his boys are pleased to be at the Afterlife, given that it grants them considerably more freedom of movement than they've had at any point before now, and will work steadily from here-on.

The end - on to the next!

Your Feedback Wanted!

Did you enjoy this session? Did something go wrong? Was there broken content? I would very much like to hear about your successes and failures both.

If you have a few minutes after your session, please take the time to fill out the feedback survey for this campaign, located here. It should only take 5 minutes, and will be actively considered as I make revisions to the campaign.

Your feedback matters! Thank you for playing!