Total required setup time: 30-40 minutes. Some of that time will need to be spent reviewing the gambling rules included in @UUID[JournalEntry.IkDSs2unumcnBVVq]{Afterlife Service 04.}

Now that the Afterlife's been opened to the public, there are two key features that the owner wants to prioritize. The first is the gambling den within the 7th Circle, which currently sits dormant or else self-regulating as the clubgoers make use of it themselves.

This mission unlocks the Gambling Den's services on completion, if Checkers is rescued successfully. If she isn't, the Afterlife can hire someone else to introduce the den at GM discretion.

Checkered Past



Friend Opportunity: Checkers

Checkers once made a career of gambling. Though retired, the Afterlife has pulled her back in. If you have her as a friend, you can occasionally spend time with her to learn the tricks of the trade, being tutored in the gambling skill.

Enemy Opportunity - Reckoner Leader

The chaplain of a cell of New Westbrook Reckoners has been actively recruiting, and Checkers ended up caught in the middle, somehow. This leader can be replaced with a gang-aligned player enemy.

Rep Opportunity: Dead Man's Hand

Win the gamble against the Reckoner Chaplain without losing a single hand.

Gig Payout

300eb + 2 Eagles per player, with a bonus of 100eb + 1 Eagle per player if Checkers is recovered without injury and gives the go-ahead to Sammy, and an additional 2 Eagles per player if they can recover any concrete evidence of so-called "supernatural gifts" that the Reckoners are purported to have.

Beat Chart

Beat 1: Dealer's Table

The players meet up with Sammy, who introduces the assignment: he has an old friend named Checkers who he used to run with as a bounty-hunter in LA, and he thinks she'll be a great asset to the Afterlife's gambling den. The players need to recover her.

Beat 2: All Aces

Sammy insists that the players play through a hand of poker with him before they head out, thinking it unwise to introduce Checkers to a group that's got no talent.

Beat 3: Full House

The first and only lead the players have for Checkers' location is her family. The players will need to go introduce themselves and try to figure out what happened to her.

Beat 4: Know When To Fold 'Em

Heading to the Reckoner recruitment site, the party must locate and liberate Checkers. But not all is as it seems…

Beat 5: Counting Cards

What a day. Just try explaining that one to… anyone. But it's certainly a story to tell, and a cautionary tale: perhaps the Reckoners are more than they seem?