This beat takes place at GM discretion - typical locations are Checkers' apartment or the 7th Circle.

Back in relative safety…

(Once Checkers has been "woken up")

Checkers blinks, the fog clearing from her eyes, though suspicion replaces it a moment later. "Who the hell are you?" she asks.

Neither Checkers nor Jason remembers how they got to the Martyr Motel, nor anything about being under the control of the Chaplain.

Checkers does have a chipware socket, but it's empty… and Jason doesn't have any chrome at all save for a prosthetic finger on one hand.

Author intent: there is intentionally no satisfying explanation for how the Chaplain retained control over Checkers and Jason - this is a deliberate play into the supernatural elements surrounding the gang.

Amelia is none-too-happy to see Checkers or Jason when they're home. She's relieved, of course, but also very angry that they disappeared in the first place.

As for Jason, he remembers going out with a group of his school friends to get FroYo, but nothing beyond that.

Yes, a girl was indeed involved. 8th graders, amirite?

Regardless, so long as Jason was rescued with minimal injury, Checkers will eventually agree to work with Sammy, against Amelia's extremely vulgar objections.

Once Sammy gets word that Checkers has agreed to working at the Afterlife, he pays the players no questions asked.

Checkers will authorize her bonus if Jason is rescued without injury.

As far as "evidence of the supernatural," well, that's up to GM discretion and player ingenuity. How do you prove something that, by its nature, can't be proven?

Once the mission has been completed, the players unlock the Gambling Den - @UUID[JournalEntry.IkDSs2unumcnBVVq]{see the journal entry for more details.}

Your Feedback Wanted!

Did you enjoy this session? Did something go wrong? Was there broken content? I would very much like to hear about your successes and failures both.

If you have a few minutes after your session, please take the time to fill out the feedback survey for this campaign, located here. It should only take 5 minutes, and will be actively considered as I make revisions to the campaign.

Your feedback matters! Thank you for playing!