This session makes use of the @UUID[Scene.fqgvewCqt8z94mll]{7th Circle} and @UUID[Scene.dYz47SZ9gtkOKbUR]{Martyr Motel} scenes, along with an environment. To begin:

Place @UUID[Actor.rQdrdTOYV13yilZD]{Sammy Chauvin} behind the bar in the 7th circle.

Populate the bar at your discretion.

Place @UUID[Actor.PJBDw6Qy61QZGIXp]{Silvers} at the door to the bar, and the players outside of it.

Change the scene to the @UUID[Scene.VCbthP8Ez4uhtdkr]{Afterlife Exterior Environment.}

Then read the following:

Holding All The Cards…

Another day, another call - Sammy's rung you up again - the gambling pit across from the bar is awfully quiet, and the Afterlife wants to start running tables. He, apparently, knows just the person for the job, but of course, nothing's ever simple.

Including your entry to the Afterlife, apparently - the front door almost costs you a cheap limb when you step through it, snapping shut with even more force than usual. "Sorry!" a beleagered Sprinter runs over from her desk and flips open a panel on the wall next to the door to begin tinkering. "Everything's on the fritz here today, no idea why. Head downstairs, the poison gas should still be disabled if you take the ramp."

The lights above are flickering as well, the holographic cloud expanse periodically disappearing to show a mundane ceiling that's quite a bit lower than you thought it was.

That was a joke.

Change the scene to the 7th Circle.

If asked about the broken electronics, nobody knows anything - there's some suspicion that recent software upgrades had the clap, or a junior netrunner is screwing with the systems to make a name for themselves. For now, everyone's just putting out fires.

Above-table/for GM eyes only: the Reckoners deal with occult/supernatural themes, and the "haunted" Afterlife is a light homage/theming to that effect.

Down in the 7th Circle, the scene isn't much better - the floor and walls normally flicker with electronic, pixelated flames, which are now flickering in the wrong way to a distracting effect. The club is less occupied than the last time you were in, probably as a result.

But the door is manual, at least, Silvers giving you the usual side-eye as you step inside, and Sammy's lights and appliances seem to be working, at least. A pair of angry-looking Tygers are at the bar right now, and Silvers follows you over. They get the hint and move off in time for Sammy to offer you a drink.

As per usual, the party have been contracted to provide the Afterlife with a new staff member -the details of the gig are below.

The target's name is Checkers.

She's a middle-aged black woman who ran with Sammy back when he was running a vigilante team in the ruins of Los Angeles.

Her exact role is never stated, but it should be implied to be non-violent.

Once recruited, Checkers will be managing the Afterlife's casino floor.

Sammy's never known Checkers to lose a game of cards that she didn't intend to lose, which is a valuable skill to have when running tables.

More broadly, she'll be info-gathering for the club in conjunction with Sammy - the Afterlife information apparatus needs data, and the more places it can be gathered from, the better.

Checkers and Sammy parted semi-amicably, but Checkers went straight and she and Sammy haven't talked much in recent years.

They parted around 5 years prior.

Sammy checked in on her once, and found out that she found herself an input and is helping her raise a son.

When reaching out to Checkers, Sammy found that she's gone missing.

Apparently her surrogate son is missing as well, but he couldn't find out anything more except the disappearance may have something to do with the Reckoners.

Checkers' input is none-too-friendly with edgerunners (or gang members, or corpos) and has been stonewalling Sammy as a result.

Sammy insists that the players learn to play Night City Holdem before going to rescue his former comrade; doing anything to the otherwise would be in bad taste.

Some other basic details:

Checkers disappeared in New Westbrook, which is also where she lived. As near as Sammy can tell, she just vanished without a trace 3-4 days ago.

He's found her address, and her input still lives there. He stresses that the woman is not at all friendly towards people of the party's persuasion, and some subterfuge or persuasion will be needed to get in the door.

He's also done some basic background on the area: the Reckoners are a nihilistic cult gang best known for their dedication to the coming "end times." Standard apocalypse cult, mostly - watch out for the bomb vests.

They made headlines yesterday after they blew up a Heywood hospital which was under 6th Street protection.

Although nobody's been able to bring back proof, everyone from the NCPD to the other gangs in NC swear that the Reckoners have supernatural gifts.

Although it's only tangentially related to the primary job, Sammy offers a bonus for anyone who can bring back evidence of these "gifts."

Once players are finished questioning Sammy and ready to learn to gamble, proceed to the next beat.