For this beat, change the scene to @UUID[Scene.x54RnBX4pYEGzPEl]{Central New Westbrook Environment,} then read the following:

Spray-Paint Wasteland

As you head from the inner city to the former executive zone, you can see Night City's typical urban decay, all the more present for the buildings it's contrasting. Former suburbs are taken over by tent cities of the homeless, and entire roads are blocked from the sprawl. Formerly-gleaming storefronts have been shattered and boarded over or reinforced with metal grates; impressive, formerly colorful apartment blocks that nearly rival the scale of Watson's soon-to-be megabuildings have been blackened by desert sand and industrial grime from the district's northern portions.

Rising above it all, decrepit former McMansions dominate the hills, dark and empty - too far from public utilities and city services to interest even the homeless, and too exposed to interest the gangs.

But most shocking is the gang tagging. Colorful graffiti both warning and artistic covers every available surface, layers of it painted overtop one another in an impressive aerosol war for district dominance.

The apartment of Checkers' girlfriend is just ahead, looking just the same as the rest. It's hard to say what you'll find inside, but it can't be much worse than what's out here.

Upstairs…

Checkers' input, Amelia, lives on the 10th floor of a 14-story apartment building. The hall is lined with garbage, and smells like you'd expect as a result. Of the 3 elevators, only 1 is operational, being watched by a local lawman. He fixes you with a glare as you crowd into it, but doesn't say anything otherwise.

So… who's knocking?

The average DV for social checks in this scene should hover around DV15

Down to 13 (or auto-passing) if the character strikes a chord with Amelia

Up to 17 or 18 if Amelia decides to be uncooperative.

Amelia (see her mook sheet) reacts with suspicion to any knock, and surveys the peephole before opening the door.

If she doesn't see anyone, she won't open the door regardless.

It can be broken open with a DV17 BODY Athletics check.

She will respond with outward hostility to gang members, corp officials, edgerunners, or anyone else that looks like trouble.

She's also not a fan of Sammy Chauvin in particular - she was friends with Checkers for a long time before they started dating, and views the bartender as a gateway drug for Checkers, dragging her back into her dangerous old life.

Amelia's apartment is larger than what most of the PCs might have - two bedrooms, with a sitting room and kitchenette. The sitting room is scattered with secondhand toys suitable for an adolescent boy.

However, she's also desperate - she's contacted the NCPD about her family's disappearance to no result except for an officer stopping by to collect a formal statement.

She has no gang ties, and no savings, to pursue alternate methods of locating the duo, and she herself is in no state to be fighting gang members.

She suspects where her family is.

The Reckoners have a recruitment stand in an old motel on the east side of the district.

Despite her every intention, her son James rubs elbows with bad influences in school and might've ended up there.

Checkers disappeared after their son did, while looking for him.

She has the address, but doesn't know much else about the place.

If Amelia refuses to cooperate entirely, a DV15 Local Expert (New Westbrook) check will also be sufficient from context clues to locate the Reckoner recruitment place, though doing so will take much longer than getting the info from Amelia.

Once players have finished questioning Amelia and are ready to investigate the Martyr Motel, proceed to the next beat.