The FM Receiver Crackles, The Pirate Wavelength Carrying A Cool, Seductive Female Voice…

Good evening Night City, this is Nightlight, voice of the town, here to take the scream outta the sheets and into your ears for those who just can't bear to look. I hope your day's gone well, and that your night goes better - and failing that, I hope you don't have any plans for a lengthy hospital stay, anytime soon.

Top story tonight is, to no one's surprise, the bombing of the Heywood General Hospital. Wasn't much of a major landmark to begin with, being staffed and watched by 6th Street, but its loss has already sent shockwaves through the community of chromers, druggies and the physically impaired all across the city. Over 100 dead, and no replacement's popping up anytime soon. Responsibility for the attack goes to the Reckoners, our least-favorite gang of suicide psychopaths, who credit the destruction to some incomprehensible gibberish about the end of times. Details at how they even managed to find the ordinance for the job haven't been released by the NCPD just yet, but if you ask me, it was probably an inside job all along.

In other news, if you're feeling suicidally inclined but aren't interested in taking anyone else with you, the Totentanz is hiring a new bouncer for the 6th week running. Looks like the club's latest wound up in the same shallow grave as all the rest, and the bets are on as to if the next one will last any longer. But hey, if you're into life on the razor's edge, the club's promising ins with Maelstrom, free drinks, pay enough to afford the implants you'll likely need to survive the role, and if you cross 21 days without dying, the betting pool's yours to spend how you will.

Finally, it looks like the Night City Gator might have been more than a rumor after all. We've got more confirmed sightings from Watson to Rancho of one-or-more eight-foot beasts snapping up housepets and swallowing down the homeless, so if you're out there sleeping in the gutter, maybe try for an alleyway instead, tonight.

We've got more on that with our resident expert on the absurd and obscene, Batty Carlson, but before that, we've got the top hits from the Totentanz to light up your night and make it burn bright. This has been Nightlight, hoping she's made your night, a little brighter.