Mission Setup Time: 30-40 Minutes.

Note: 1/3rd of that time will be spent setting up and familiarizing yourself with the subrooms of the lair as pointed out in beat 5. Given that what happens during beat 5 varies wildly, this extra prep may not end up being necessary.

With the basics taken care of, ownership is shifting focus to some luxury services - turning the Afterlife from a spot into a destination. The most essential of these will be a state-of-the-art surgery center, to provide what Night City's hospitals can't: discretion.

Medical Matters



Friend Opportunity: Sam Carter

Carter is a Militech-trained nurse and astonishing all-around intellect who takes great pride in her work. If befriended, she'll gladly patch up her friend for free. She enjoys bookish types and gets along well with intellectuals, and dislikes brash, reckless behavior.

Enemy Opportunity - Bozo The Principal

The Bozos are up to no good once again, and have been abducting people all over the University District. Their leadership can be replaced by anyone who has an enemy with a gang background, is into thrill-seeking, or is just flat-out insane.

Rep Opportunity: Big Red Honker

Pull the nose off of the Bozo leader while they're actively guarding it; doing so requires making an aimed brawling or martial arts strike at the Bozo's head. On success, the target suffers Whiplash in addition to any other damage/crits.

Gig Payout

500eb + 4 Eagles per player, with a rep bonus if the Bozos start talking about you. No bonus opportunities from inside the club this time - Vido knows exactly what you're getting into, for once.

Beat Chart

Beat 1: Clowning Around

The party meets with Vido briefly and are directed to the Afterlife's medical ward from the suddenly clown-themed club, to learn about the civil war going on within the Bozos from the Afterlife's nurse.

Beat 2: Laughing Gas

The party meets Sam and sees the lower level of the Afterlife for the first time, and are given the assignment proper.

Beat 3: Clowns On Parade

The party meet with another a very special contact - a Bozo who's a triple agent - to learn where Nightshade is being kept.

Beat 4: Elevator To Clowntown

Arriving at the location, an innocuous elevator ride awaits. Surely there's nothing amiss, here!

Beat 5: Underground Clown Posse

The abducted party members must fight through the Bozo lair and take on the leader.

Beat 6: It's The Principal Of The Thing

The party must deal with the leader of this Bozo cell, one way or another.

Beat 7: Funny Business

The party returns to Vido and his special friend, to debrief and receive their pay.