Class Is In Session (Chemistry Lab)

Each room in the Bozo Lair is a "school classroom," designed to addict those abducted to them to retox while also driving them mad (Bozo the Principal was bullied in High School). All of them are staffed by 2 Bozo Fools, 1 to run the show, the other to watch the door and the captive.

Each of the rooms is a "puzzle"/has a win condition where the player can beat it and be escorted to the principal without getting attacked by their guards. The Bozos have a sense of humor, in this regard - they do entertain the idea of someone being able to "outwit" them, and those who do are brought to the Principal for "disrupting the class."

Each of the Bozos are dressed for the room they're occupying.

ReTox

When a character enters the room, they are immediately dosed with @UUID[Compendium.night-city-gang-and-corp-mook-pack.NCGangsnCorpsItems22.0BF7aE8rsFg3qKgP]{ReTox}, which lasts until they leave the lair. They make a resist drugs/torture roll as normal for purposes of determining addiction.

Psychological Conditioning

While in class, each character is being subjected to extreme psychological conditioning through drugs, physical abuse, and visual stimuli.

At the end of each of their turns, they must attempt an EMP save - each time they fail, they lose 1d6 humanity.

Track the amount lost - 1/2 of it will be regained after 24 hours.

Once they reach 1 or less EMP through one of these triggers, they're driven temporarily mad (have them roleplay accordingly).

While they don't owe allegiance to the Bozos, the gang will nonetheless consider their job done and the character will be released and escorted to the Principal for further conditioning.

Opt Out

Players can, of course, simply choose to attack the Bozos guarding them, who will fight and attempt to subdue any character that doesn't play along - any restraints require a DV19 BODY Athletics check to break free from, or a DV15 DEX Contortionist.

Caution: Hazardous Chemicals

To begin:

Place 1 @UUID[Compendium.night-city-gang-and-corp-mook-pack.NCGangsnCorpsMooks.6DkEWEDkSFcSGvgS]{Bozo Fool} at the front of the room next to the table with all of the stuff on it, and another next to the door.

Place the abducted character in the grey chair.

Then read the following:

The tube carrying you twists and tumbles before you finally fall out of the ceiling - landing with a thud in front of a desk laden with smoking beakers atop Bunsen burners racks of multicolored vials, piles of colored powders, and what looks like a jug of Soda, for some reason.

(The character immediately feels the effects of ReTox, making them especially vulnerable to the smells and visions that the chemicals produce).

Next to you, a female Bozo wearing a blood-spattered lab coat leers at you. "Welcome to Chemistry, hon! Today we're going to learn about hazardous chemicals!"

Next to the door, you hear a deep inhale and another Bozo's voice, saying "I love the smell of nitroglycerine in the morning!"

The woman at the front looks sharply at her counterpart, and responds, "no talking while class is in session!" then turns back to you. "Start mixing, hon!"

The "class" is actually a chem lab, with the twist that virtually all of the substances on the table will aerosolize when mixed, producing maddening psychedelic images.

No matter what's mixed with exception to the puzzle solutions, the character will be dosed in this manner, resulting in the EMP save.

The Bozo in charge will applaud any attempted mixtures; their only goal seems to be "make something happen."

This challenge has 3 possible solutions:

Neutralize the Table: the character can mix the only possible combination of non-dangerous chemicals at the table, which also neutralizes all the other substances, via a DV15 Science -> Chemistry check or DV17 Medical Tech check.

Mix Everything, All At Once: Mixing 4 or more substances simultaneously causes an explosion, ruining the table. A Molotov Cocktail is detonated at the center point of the table, which lights both the character and the Bozo 'scientist' on fire.

Fake Insanity: A DV17 EMP Acting check will convince the Bozos that they've achieved their goal of driving the character mad (this is an option in every room).