This beat makes use of the @UUID[Scene.u8tv2BV9kaAUbZqA]{University Coffee Shop} environment. To begin, switch the scene, then read the following:

Coffee and Donuts

The location you've been given in the University District is unremarkable - just one of the dozens of high-end coffee shops and study bars that make up the blocks surrounding the university itself, frequented by the new-age trust fund pharaohs that make up half the University's population, and staffed by the overworked and underpaid students that make up it's other half. Large, clean glass-front windows look out over tables and a narrow street, the entire scene buzzing with activity.

Inside, the place is just as busy as it looks. One table, though, is being given a wide berth. A Bozo is sitting alone, three coffee cups in front of him, and his mere presence seems to be acting as a repelling force against the students. While not an altogether alien sight, it's clear that Bozos in broad daylight are still to weird to be normal.

As the party approaches him, he greets them with a nervous, strained titter, like gas escaping from a balloon. "I'm Bozo - haha - Bozo the clown; you wanted to - hehehe - make a doctor reappear?"

Playing Bozo

The Bozo looks… haggard. His hair has been shaved down the center, with two nightmare tufts of bright green, frizzy nonsense stuck out to the sides, which seem wilted - you can spot bits of dust and even specks of trash in them, as if he's been sleeping in the street. That matches his smell - coffee-scented gutter.

He doesn't have the big red honker that many Bozos wear, but his regular noise is likewise conspicuously absent, revealing a cyberware port, as if its replacement was never installed. His polka-dotted clownfit is stained and has lost much of its bright color. His eyes were oddly colored to begin with - pure blue, with no irises - but are somehow still bloodshot.

All Bozos are referred to as Bozo - their real names have been lost or forgotten. They vary slightly in individual personality, but most have 3 character traits in common, including the one the party is meeting:

All of them are nihilists; the partygang (Joy) variety express this by partying wildly and pulling aggressive pranks against anyone that bothers them, and the psycho (Merriment) variety, who violently torture themselves and others for their amusement.

Members of both varieties struggle to find value in anything other than the next high; they view their own lives, the lives of both their fellow gang members, and most other individuals, as expendable.

Even the most depraved Bozo is still silly in a clownlike way, responding to any serious tone or topic with a corresponding disregard for it - the more serious the subject, the more absurd and lighthearted a Bozo will be.

Because of this, it's virtually impossible to have a serious discussion with one - the more you try, the more props and slapstick the Bozo will engage in to avoid it.

All of them are habitual users of ReTox, the gang's drug of choice, which effectively renders them extremely bipolar - the happier they are, the more antics they get up to, and the sadder they are, the more nihilistic they become.

This effect can easily be communicated by periodically rolling a D10; resutls of 1-5 result in a severely depressive mood, while results of 6-10 result in manic joy.

In addition to these qualities, the Bozo the players meet is suffering from the following:

Nervous breakdown: Bozo has an uncontrollable tic, laughing regardless of situation - the laugh is strained and involuntary.

Withdrawl: Bozo misses his input, who he thought broke up with him but really was leaving down for a few weeks, and is trying to leave the Bozos - his body is rejecting his clown-themed Full Body Conversion, and he's suffering from ReTox withdrawl, struggling to feel anything at all.

Worried for his health: Bozo has been playing a triple-agent, feeding both sides of the civil war info about one another in the hopes that one will eventually give him enough resources to get out altogether, and expects one side or the other will kill him for the betrayal eventually.

Being worried for one's personal health is an uncommon trait for a Bozo, and one that Bozo hasn't had much practice in lately. As a result he might be somewhat eccentric - being worried that someone slipped cyanide into his coffee after he looked away, but being completely unconcerned about being in an active gunfight, for example.

Bozo uses the @UUID[Compendium.night-city-gang-and-corp-mook-pack.NCGangsnCorpsMooks.Actor.6DkEWEDkSFcSGvgS]{Bozo Fool} statblock.

Bozo's Information

"So, you're - haha - edgerunners, right? What edge are you running? Hee hee, the edge of sanity?"

Thanks to his unique position, Bozo knows where Iris is being held, and by who - see below.

Nightshade was kidnapped by a particularly vicious faction of the Circus of Merriment, who want her to continue augmenting them into still-less-human clown psychos courtesy of some borgware that they picked up from Maelstrom.

Once installed, this tech could put them on with the city's heavy-hitters, like Maelstrom itself, and that's bad for everyone.

The gang is being led by Bozo, a particularly cruel Jester who's been abducting people across the university district.

These abductions are the primary way the Circus of Merriment increases its numbers - students or other Night Citizens are abducted, their minds are broken, they're addicted to ReTox, their bodies are transfigured into the Bozo form by the gang's doctors, and before long they gleefully help abduct further members.

The washout/death rate of this process is high - presumably 9/10 or more - and the NCPD is actively trying to stop the abductions, but so far have had little success.

The gang's headquarters is in NC's undercity - the largely-abandoned second skin of basements, corporate facilities, subway tunnels, and other infrastructure that most of Night City is built on top of.

Bozo assures the party that accessing the lair is easy, but there's only one way in and out - an exterior elevator of an apartment building at the edge of the University District.

The lair itself is a maze - Bozo doesn't know the full layout - run by the Jester's gang - Bozo doesn't know their numbers.

Bozo himself adamantly refuses to get any closer to the elevator than across the street, worried that the elevator will "suck him in."

This is a reference to part of his initiation to the Bozos itself, before the civil war, where he was taken to a similar facility to undergo his own ReTox treatment and the beginnings of his FBC.

Bozo doesn't know much else, but will guide the party to the elevator entrance - from a safe distance.

Once players are ready to head into the lair, proceed to beat 4.