Class Is In Session (Computer Lab)

Each room in the Bozo Lair is a "school classroom," designed to addict those abducted to them to retox while also driving them mad (Bozo the Principal was bullied in High School). All of them are staffed by 2 Bozo Fools, 1 to run the show, the other to watch the door and the captive.

Each of the rooms is a "puzzle"/has a win condition where the player can beat it and be escorted to the principal without getting attacked by their guards. The Bozos have a sense of humor, in this regard - they do entertain the idea of someone being able to "outwit" them, and those who do are brought to the Principal for "disrupting the class."

Each of the Bozos are dressed for the room they're occupying.

ReTox

When a character enters the room, they are immediately dosed with @UUID[Compendium.night-city-gang-and-corp-mook-pack.NCGangsnCorpsItems22.0BF7aE8rsFg3qKgP]{ReTox}, which lasts until they leave the lair. They make a resist drugs/torture roll as normal for purposes of determining addiction.

Psychological Conditioning

While in class, each character is being subjected to extreme psychological conditioning through drugs, physical abuse, and visual stimuli.

At the end of each of their turns, they must attempt an EMP save - each time they fail, they lose 1d6 humanity.

Track the amount lost - 1/2 of it will be regained after 24 hours.

Once they reach 1 or less EMP through one of these triggers, they're driven temporarily mad (have them roleplay accordingly).

While they don't owe allegiance to the Bozos, the gang will nonetheless consider their job done and the character will be released and escorted to the Principal for further conditioning.

Opt Out

Players can, of course, simply choose to attack the Bozos guarding them, who will fight and attempt to subdue any character that doesn't play along - any restraints require a DV19 BODY Athletics check to break free from, or a DV15 DEX Contortionist.

Crash Your Operating System

To begin:

Place 1 @UUID[Compendium.night-city-gang-and-corp-mook-pack.NCGangsnCorpsMooks.6DkEWEDkSFcSGvgS]{Bozo Fool} in the blue chair, and another in front of the door.

Place the abducted character in the grey chair.

Then read the following:

The tube carrying you twists and tumbles before you finally fall out of the ceiling - landing with a thud right in front of a computer desk and monitor. The monitor in front of you is playing a quick, seizure-inducing black and white checkerboard pattern, which matches the walls and floor.

(The character immediately feels the effects of ReTox, making them especially vulnerable to the flashing images on the screen and the shifting pattern on the walls).

Across from you, a Bozo wearing an oversized pair of glasses is sitting at an identical computer. In a dull voice reminiscent of Ben Stein, he says in a depressed, dull voice, "Hello class, welcome to Computers for stupid people. Today you will learn the basics of how to use the miracle of 21st century technology."

From behind you, another Bozo giggles. On the screen, the maddening pattern is replaced by a collection of images of fruit - apples, bananas, and cherries.

"To begin, please match the like images."

The "class" is actually a series of children's puzzles and Captchas, like matching images, digital sliding-tile pictures that need organized. deciphering text, playing Tic Tac Toe, and so on.

The puzzles, however, are being sabotaged by the Bozo at the other computer - images will change while being clicked on, text will distort when being answered, puzzles will reset just before being completed, etc.

Each time this happens, the screen flashes violently with a series of mesmerizing images that the ReTox dosed character can't look away from - images of clowns, violent torture, various phobia triggers, and so on.

This challenge has 3 possible solutions:

Beat Bozo at his own game: the character can access admin privileges and out-program the Bozo with a DV12 Interface check, or a DV17 Electronics/Security Tech check.

Embrace The Crazy/Decipher The Pattern: A DV17 Cryptography check is sufficient to defeat the puzzle by deciphering its pattern.

Fake Insanity: A DV17 EMP Acting check will convince the Bozos that they've achieved their goal of driving the character mad (this is an option in every room).