Class Is In Session (Gym)

Each room in the Bozo Lair is a "school classroom," designed to addict those abducted to them to retox while also driving them mad (Bozo the Principal was bullied in High School). All of them are staffed by 2 Bozo Fools, 1 to run the show, the other to watch the door and the captive.

Each of the rooms is a "puzzle"/has a win condition where the player can beat it and be escorted to the principal without getting attacked by their guards. The Bozos have a sense of humor, in this regard - they do entertain the idea of someone being able to "outwit" them, and those who do are brought to the Principal for "disrupting the class."

Each of the Bozos are dressed for the room they're occupying.

ReTox

When a character enters the room, they are immediately dosed with @UUID[Compendium.night-city-gang-and-corp-mook-pack.NCGangsnCorpsItems22.0BF7aE8rsFg3qKgP]{ReTox}, which lasts until they leave the lair. They make a resist drugs/torture roll as normal for purposes of determining addiction.

Psychological Conditioning

While in class, each character is being subjected to extreme psychological conditioning through drugs, physical abuse, and visual stimuli.

At the end of each of their turns, they must attempt an EMP save - each time they fail, they lose 1d6 humanity.

Track the amount lost - 1/2 of it will be regained after 24 hours.

Once they reach 1 or less EMP through one of these triggers, they're driven temporarily mad (have them roleplay accordingly).

While they don't owe allegiance to the Bozos, the gang will nonetheless consider their job done and the character will be released and escorted to the Principal for further conditioning.

Opt Out

Players can, of course, simply choose to attack the Bozos guarding them, who will fight and attempt to subdue any character that doesn't play along - any restraints require a DV19 BODY Athletics check to break free from, or a DV15 DEX Contortionist.

If You Can Dodge A Bozo, You Can Dodge A Ball

To begin:

Place 1 @UUID[Compendium.night-city-gang-and-corp-mook-pack.NCGangsnCorpsMooks.6DkEWEDkSFcSGvgS]{Bozo Fool} at the 3 point line of the B-Ball court, and another guarding the door.

Place the abducted character in the grey chair.

Then read the following:

The tube carrying you twists and tumbles before you finally fall out of the ceiling - landing with a thud on the polished wooden floor of a basketball court. Immediately a shrill whistle blows, and in front of you, you see a Bozo wearing a tie-dye jersey (it reads Coach Bozo) and holding a whistle, and another at the door behind him that's grinning and giggling.

"Foul!" Coach Bozo roars. "I want order on this court dammit, this is a playoff game!"

He chucks the basketball that he was under his arm at you, which smacks you in the face unpleasantly, but ineffectually.

(The character immediately feels the effects of ReTox, making them sluggish and more prone to physical damage).

The restraints on your chair unlock, freeing your arms and legs - just in time, as the Bozo chucks the ball again and you narrowly move out of the way.

"You think you got what it takes to take on the Bozo Blazers? Prove it!" the 'coach' says.

The "class" is how the Principal remembers gym class - an abusive instructor and physical ineptitude. Every time the basketball is thrown by either the abducted character or the coach, it unerringly ends up smacking the player character in the head or the groin, either directly or on the rebound.

The player can attempt to throw a score - but if they do so, they net lifts up and out of the way before the ball can land.

Each time the ball rebounds into the player, it's accompanied by a scathing remark from Coach Bozo.

This challenge has 3 possible solutions:

Dunk The Ball: the character can make a flying leap to attempt to dunk the ball, which requires a DV21 Athletics check (reduced by 3 for each Cyberleg the character has), shattering the backboard of the court in the process.

Give The Coach What He Deserves: the character can use thrown weapon attacks to chuck the ball at Coach Bozo, who dodges using his Physical skill with a +3 modifier (reflecting the player's ReTox disability). Upon being struck, the coach "takes the player out of the game" to the Principal's office.

Fake Insanity: A DV17 EMP Acting check will convince the Bozos that they've achieved their goal of driving the character mad (this is an option in every room).