The FM Receiver Crackles, The Pirate Wavelength Carrying A Cool, Seductive Female Voice…

"Hey out there Night Owls, this is Nightlight, the voice of the city, here to take the scream out of the sheets and into your ears, just in case you haven't had enough screaming in your day already - and boy, is NC getting a little scarier by the day.

"You already know our top story tonight: the continuing escalation of gang violence in the university district - clown on clown for a Bozo street brawl, but this slapstick is no laughing matter. The confirmed death toll of night's bombing of the Kappa Sigma Pi frat house is 7, and I'm hearing reports that only five of them were nepo-babies - my heart's out to you, to the two that worked their way up to Uni only to be taken down by clowns on parade. The NCPD has imposed a 10:00 PM curfew on the campus proper until they can finish cracking down on the violence - considering it's been months with no word, something tells me this semester might see a few fewer parties than normal.

"Elsewhere, it looks like the cold war between Petrochem and SovOil is reigniting, thanks to some espionage from both sides. We've got oil fields and office buildings burning from North New Westbrook all the way to Heywood, seemingly without a single care for the carbon emissions involved. Someone ought to tell the mercs involved to find a more environmentally-conscious way of conducting warfare - but it ain't gonna be me.

"And of course, we've got the hot scoop - and some free tickets - to the surprise shows that the Jewels are putting on across the combat zones. Considering the riots that follow their last tour, I'd board up your windows if they aren't already, Nightcrawlers.

"Speaking of, it's time for a blast from the past that's as resonate as ever. Crank the volume for Activist Violence, straight off of RTJ6 and a reminder of the depression we left behind alongside the recession we're still living through. Until tomorrow Night City, Nightlight is signing off, and hoping I made your night a little brighter."