This beat continues from one of thee outcomes of Beat 5, as follows. Though the methods of getting here are different, the end result is generally the same - the Principal threatens to kill anyone who doesn't become a Bozo, begins the process of drowning Dr. Nightshade, and tries to kill the characters that don't join up. First, set up the office:

Place a @UUID[Compendium.night-city-gang-and-corp-mook-pack.NCGangsnCorpsMooks.PMLS2DHJADArZ6TG]{Bozo Jester} behind the desk in the center of the room; this is the Bozo Principal.

Place 1/2 partycount @UUID[Compendium.night-city-gang-and-corp-mook-pack.NCGangsnCorpsMooks.6DkEWEDkSFcSGvgS]{Bozo Fools} around the office as security.

Place @Actor[QfV07Q4ukpgjWqDS]{Dr. Iris Nightshade} in the "tank" behind the principal's desk.

Any Bozos who escort the player characters through the halls are also present; otherwise, they are waiting in their rooms and will be summoned over the lair's intercom to watch and intervene when the Principal attacks.

Truant Officers

Some of your party might play along, while others choose violence. In such cases, the Bozos will attempt to subdue those players. If the Bozos inside a room can't subdue the character, the Principal becomes aware of the issue and sends his office guards to investigate. He will not, himself, ever move from the office, though.

Final Exam

The principal's office is like the rest of the lair - its walls and floors have the same maddening checkerboard pattern, making it hard to look at, except for the center of the floor, where wood paneling has been put in place beneeath a desk, some chairs, and a pair of flimsy office dividers.

Behind the desk sits a razor-thin Bozo with wiry green hair and a giant red nose, wearing a stained business suit that hangs off his starved frame.

"Well well, what a bunch of TROUBLEMAKERS!" the Principal howls as you enter the room. "You probably consider yourself good students! Or bad students! But the important thing is that this is MY SCHOOL, which means you ALL get a failing grade! Unless…"

He snaps his fingers. Behind him you see an enormous reinforced steel pressure tank - inside is a woman, her face covered by a beaked mask, her body shrouded by a black robe. The tank begins filling with water a moment later.

"Class, it's time for the PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE!" The Principal exclaims. "Otherwise, take a look at what happens to those who - ha ha ha - WASH OUT!"

The Principal will give the members of the party who played along or were broken by the lair the opportunity to pledge to the Bozos.

Those who do so do not attract the immediate ire of any room guards when combat breaks out, but receive a -3 all checks made for the first 2 rounds of combat as the effects of ReTox lead them to partially believe their own words.

While this is happening, everyone in the scene is able to ready an action before initiative is rolled, should combat break out.

Once the players have had the opportunity to join up, the Principal and his staff open fire on anyone who did not pledge.

Any Bozos who aren't members of the Principal's personal staff are directed only to watch, even if the Principal is about to die, unless a party member attacks them, or the tank holding Nightshade.

In either which case the party member's assigned Bozos join the fight to try and stop the party member from "destroying the school."

The tank holding Nightshade takes 4 rounds to fill with water, and Nightshade will go unconscious 4 rounds after that, after which point she begins taking 10 damage a turn until dead.

The tank's glass can be punctured; each pane has 30 HP.

Destroying a pane shatters it and the tank immediately empties into the surroundings.

The tank filling process can also be stopped, and the captive released, if the controls are recovered from the Principal's body.

If the players defeat the Principal and his goon squad without having attracted the ire of any other Bozos, something unusual happens:

As soon as the last aggressive Bozo goes down, the loudspeakers sound with a different Bozo's voice, which shouts: "Graduation Protocols! We've got a bunch of Straight-A students here!"

Any Bozos around the room begin applauding the party's efforts, offering doses of various drugs in congratulations.

Over the loudspeakers, Pomp and Circumstance begins to play.

The walls and floors, formerly the checkerboard pattern, shift to a nauseating display of confetti puffs across brightly colored celebratory slogans and, sometimes, overblown pictures of party members' faces.

Every party member gains 1 personal rep, which expires in 1 month, as the Bozos spread the word of their exceptional feats.

From that point on, the Bozos will cease any hostility to the players - both they, and Dr. Nightshade, will be allowed to leave without issue.

For her part, Dr. Nightshade is grateful, if brisk, to the players for rescuing her, but refuses to reveal her face and asks after the status of her assistant.

Her pistol and Mono-Katana can be found in the Principal's desk. She wants them back. She will take them back.

Once all players have left the lair and returned to the Afterlife, proceed to Beat 7.