Total mission setup time: 1+ hours. Much of that should be spent figuring out how you want to run the Vampyres.

The Afterlife's grand opening marches closer, and the Frenchman wants to make sure it opens in style. Fortunately, he has access to one of the most constant promotional tools in human history - a team of mercs with a zeal for a bigger reputation (that's you guys!).

This mission unlocks the @UUID[JournalEntry.SDvTzlKjvOpgC3EC]{7th Circle's services on completion}, success or fail. While players are in the bar at staff request after that point, they do not need to pay to get in, though they don't receive any bonuses without paying.

Important Note: This mission makes use of the Philharmonic Vampyre mooks, which are one of the more complex gangs in the pack. Instructions for playing them have been included at the end of this journal, but you should take care to familiarize yourself with how they work (and possibly choose their set-dressing for the beat) before beginning the session.

Robbin The Hood



Friend Opportunity: Sammy Chauvin

Sammy is a social butterfly - a people person, somebody who knows everyone. If you have him as a friend, if you already knew the name of the person you're looking for, you can use his Lowdown skill for checks involving their whereabouts or personality, in place of any skills of your own. Assuming you can call or meet up and ask, of course.

Enemy Opportunity: NCPD Captain Or Vampyre MC

An NCPD captain in Little Europe is a known bastard, and even deeper in the pocket of the local corps than the rest of the force. Alternately, a prominent Vampyre MC jealously guards their little slice of the limelight. One or the other can be replaced by a player enemy, if a player has a relevant one.

Rep Opportunity: Standing Ovation

Track the stunts being pulled during the heist - the character which pulls the most difficult and elaborate trick (measured by DV) wins the achievement.



Gig Payout

4 Eagle base payout/player, plus whatever they nab from the vault, and a 2 eagle bonus for sticking to Sammy's "script" in terms of lethality (or lack thereof).

Beat Chart

Beat 1: Meeting Sammy & Vido

The 7th Circle, the Afterlife's bar, casino and meeting space, is almost ready to open - all that's left is to promote it. Vido introduces players to the bartender, who gives them a rather unusual promo job.

Beat 2: Gearing Up

Before the players can rob their target, they'll need a special bit of kit to do so - a shard for the bank, and rubber bullets for the Vamps.

Beat 3: Upstaging The Vampyres

The players "meet" the Vampyres mid job, and attempt to upstage their performance.

Beat 4: The First National Bank of Charlie-Foxtrot

The NCPD intervenes, and they're not impressed by the performance.

Beat 5: Counting The Loot

You got paid, the Vamps got their show, the Afterlife gets its grand opening - everyone wins! Except the people you robbed, I guess. And maybe the NCPD.