the FM Receiver Crackles, The Pirate Wavelength Carrying a Cool, Seductive Female Voice…

"Good evening my little Nightcrawlers. This is Nightlight, the voice of the city, taking the scream off of the sheets and into your ears with a quiet murmur for those of you too busy to read. Whether you're on a car, bike, board or heels, from my mouth to your ears: keep those eyes on the street. Lets talk news.

"Our top story tonight - little miss Nightlight got a hot tip from an anonymous, trusted source, that the scamming and sharking office otherwise known as the Central Bank of Night City is about to be sucked dry and spat out. A little birdie says to keep your eyes open tomorrow afternoon, and to make sure you come in and make those loan payments if you have 'em - because this time, the bank might be paying you. Just watch out - the first three rows are the splash zone.

"We also got a hot tip on a new bounty - a beautiful pristine sixty Gs for anyone who brings the head of Silvers the Solo to a certain Petrochem exec who asked not to be named. Evidently the cold-blooded queen killed his kid and absconded with her arsenal, sometime in the last couple of days, and that certain someone's looking for revenge. So if you feel like getting your hands dirty and trying your luck against the most dangerous merc in the city, well, there's a year's living in it for you. Let's just see how high that bounty goes, hm?

"Otherwise, I've got a thirst-quenching thank you from a certain someone surrounding that bounty on rare drinks. Mister Chauvin says his cabinets and kegs are locked, stocked and loaded, and his rendition of a certain heaven on Earth will be opening soon, somewhere in the Upper Marina. You heard it here first my little Nightingales, and you can be sure little miss Nightlight will be first on the scene, as soon as they're serving.

"That's it for this evening's news. Coming up, we've got a soundtrack for victory - anthems from decades past and present, marching into the future. This is Nightlife, signing off, and hoping she's made your night a little brighter.