The Vampyres are unquestionably one of the most complex sets of mooks in NCG&C, and certainly the most elaborate. They can be overwhelming at first, so let's take this one step at a time and make them easier.

Tip 1: Give Yourself Setup Time

Roll your set dressing as soon as you know you're going to be using the Vamps, and familiarize yourself with the abilities it provides immediately. Keep the entry open while you're running the scene, and assign simple, high-level roles to the Vamps as they're outlined here.

Tip 2: Pick a Theme, Then Stick To It

Ask yourself: "what's my theme?" The Vamps are an attempt to let you do the incredible, over-the-top set pieces from movies like Pirates of the Caribbean or Mad Max. Or introduce a circus where a gang throwdown should be. Or recreate that one scene with the animals from RRR (seriously - look up RRR Tiger Fight Scene on Youtube, you won't regret it).

Figure out what your Vamps will be wearing, and what their jobs will be during the beat.

Tip 3: Keep It Light, Keep It Nonlethal

The Vampyres are hated by corps and gangs, and beloved by the people of Night City, for being the very essence of the flamboyant mirror to the setting's power abuses and cyberpsychos. And that's not an accident - the Vamps deliberately cultivate that mystique and persona as a way to keep making headlines. They punish and humiliate those who deserve it, give freely to the poor and helpless, and laugh easily no matter how dire the circumstances. In a world of nihilistic decay, they've chosen to pursue absurdism, instead.

In short: in the cyberpunk dystopia where corps, gangs and governments grind the human spirit to dust, the Vampyres use their talents to fight back.

In that vein, they load their guns with rubber bullets, and their pyrotechnics might injure someone, but they're mostly concussive - nonlethal, so far as they can help it. They get away with it through raw skill and talent, alongside well coordinated choreography, making fools of those they choose to fight.

Tip 4: Play Around The Master Of Ceremonies

The centerpiece of any Vampyre show will be the MC. They're the most elaborately dressed, the main character, the master of the spotlight. And that takes a lot of work out of figuring out what you're doing.

Think of it like a stageplay or dance routine - the protagonist is the focus, and the others are there to accentuate whatever they're doing. If the MC jumps, the performers jump too.

Tip 5: Know Your Roles

The MCs are few and far between, and the focal point of the gang's activity. They dictate what's going on and how it's happening.

The Showstoppers accentuate the MC's actions with their extra array of special effects - an explosion to go with a rock opera's crescendo. Leaping tigers and wolves to accompany an acrobatic dance through the air.

The Performers follow the MC's actions, providing extra sets of hands to give those actions oomph.

Tip 6: Coordinate your efforts, accomplish a goal

Every set (save Caution: Live Animals) has one thing in common, and that's their 3 point crescendo. Every show is centered around that particular beat, and structured to take advantage of whatever it provides. So do so!

Tip 7: Experiment, Try, Try Again

You won't get it perfect the first time, but even with all the flaws and mistakes you might make, it'll still probably be one of the most ridiculous, over-the-top, memorable sessions your players will ever have.

Don't worry yourself about getting it perfectly right. Just. Have. Fun.