Below are my actual notes for how I prepped and ran this scene, edited for readability.

So, Some Theater Kids Decide To Rob A Bank…

My initial set dressing was acrobatics and agility.

My showstopper set dressing was over the top effects

Step 1: Set Up The Show

The vampyres infiltrate the crowd; their show begins the moment the first player enters the bank. The MC begins speaking to attract security, jumping up onto the offices in the lobby to attract attention; their crew hoist the execs into the air using the 3 point ability, but leave the security alone (they want to do a show, after all). The 3 point ability isn't charged since it's not being used on the players. These execs will be "held hostage" by the crew, stopping the NCPD from immediately breaching the building.

Civillians will be asked to gather in the lobby in front of the teller area.

While security scrambles, a pair of performers will hoist a ratsec grunt using their 2 point ability + assistance to set the DV to beat for the round. The others will begin dispersing around the lobby, using their action to climb and unlock the ability to dodge bullets.

Harrying The Party

The two showstoppers will use their luck entirely to hamper the party as they approach, moving automatically towards wherever the party enters the scene. They're already mounted (rolling desks or mop buckets, maybe) when they reach the players. Their goal is to impose penalties on the party to stop them from stealing the spotlight.

Step 2: Robbing The Petty Cash Vault

Once they've gotten everyone's attention, the MC will head to the petty cash vault in the lobby and open it using their technical skill. They and their crew will alternate between dealing with security and taking actions on the vault, tossing the loot out into the crowd.

Once the vault's looted or inaccessible, the MC will continue robbing the main vault until the NCPD breach in beat 4.

Step 3: Escape

Once the NCPD breaches, the Vampyres will attempt to escape by climbing to rooftops using their rope systems and acrobatics. If they can't escape, they'll surrender peacefully.