In this beat, the NCPD arrives to try and deal with the bank robbery and incapacitate the robbers.

Flashing Lights And Sirens Are Heard Outside…

After the contest for the headline has been concluded, an NCPD patrol response, tier 3, arrives to set up a perimeter and attempts to negotiate a surrender, placing one patrol car at the right-rear entrance outside the large bank vault, and the other two at the front of the bank. Off screen, an additional tier 3 response covers other exits (such as to the west of the alleyway which runs the back of the bank).

If resistance is encountered, or at GM discretion up your response to tier 4.

Once the perimeter is established, the NCPD captain in charge of the perimeter will demand those inside surrender via megaphone.

If no response is given but the party has not made it known they're taking hostages, the tier-3 response will breach after 5 rounds.

Note: this does not include the aforementioned perimeter control which is off the map.

If a response is given and/or it's clear that hostages have been taken, a SWAT response is issued instead, arriving in an additional 1 minute and breaching at GM discretion.

Do What You Want 'Cause A Pirate Is Free!

As soon as the police sirens sound, the Vampyres will give up attempting to hinder the party in any way and immediately move to grab what they can before leaving out the back alley; like the rest of their performance, this was planned from the start.

If the party has engaged the Vampyres with lethal force, the Vamps will continue to fight back, but prioritize getting their wounded members to safety rather than stay to fight a losing battle.

Once they've distributed/stolen as much of the bank's property as they can, they head to the back exit for an escape. To the west, those eligible hear music and shortly thereafter, the patrol car holding the off-map perimeter to the alley's west is demolished. In its place is a generic truck with a combat plow, which has been modified into something akin to a pirate ship parade float by Patrick the Pirate, dropping anchor just long enough to pick up whatever Vampyres can make it to him, and to wish the party a fond farewell.

You Are A Pirate!

(backup link in case the first dies again)

Can I Get An Autograph?

At GM discretion, based on your desired game tone…

In a hilarious plot twist that no one could've envisioned, the NCPD might well be stoked to bust a traditional bank robbery instead of fighting living nightmare booster gangsters, and that excitement and enthusiasm comes through - they'll be amicable to those who surrender and will look the other way while they escape so long as no one is outwardly, lethally violent (arrested players lose any loot, though).

NCPD Response Tiers (for reference)

Tier 3 - Perimeter Control: three @UUID[Compendium.night-city-gang-and-corp-mook-pack.NCGangsnCorpsMooks.Actor.WpPo3phuzMNPfYoY]{NCPD Patrol Cars} are dispatched, each containing three @UUID[Compendium.night-city-gang-and-corp-mook-pack.NCGangsnCorpsMooks.Actor.jDl9ukUDoVPjplJc]{Patrol Officers} and a @UUID[Compendium.night-city-gang-and-corp-mook-pack.NCGangsnCorpsMooks.Actor.yK8PnIHBoxz5wfqg]{SWAT Officer.} These officers will create a perimeter and assess the situation while attempting to prevent anyone from leaving the scene, but will not directly engage agitators unless they attempt to breach the perimeter, instead calling in a Suppression team to take down dangerous players while notifying MaxTac to remain on standby.

Tier 4 - Suppression Dispatch: an @UUID[Compendium.night-city-gang-and-corp-mook-pack.NCGangsnCorpsMooks.Actor.Ksf7hMC2dK8WAxs0]{NCPD Armored Transport} is dispatched, containing an eight-person team of @UUID[Compendium.night-city-gang-and-corp-mook-pack.NCGangsnCorpsMooks.Actor.yK8PnIHBoxz5wfqg]{SWAT Officers.}