Battle through Nightlight's blind automated defenses in time with survivors from Maelstrom/Militech… and find her corpse.

The acrid, nostril-singing scent of the Old City Center hazards finally, mercifully, fades, but is almost immediately replaced by the mustiness of stale filters and old decay. The air is clear, but the corridor before you is dark, periodically illuminated only by flashing red warning lights - whether an alarm was triggered when you breached the door, or if it's been on since who-knows-when. At the opposite end of the short hallway, double glass doors are shut, but open on your approach.

Inside is what you'd expect from a corporate doomsday bunker. It's small, single-room, with a kitchen and a bathroom. It's modern by 2020s standards, though obviously predates the fall of the tower - the floor has cracked from shifting in places, and there's thin piles of dust and debris in the corners from similar cracks in the walls and ceiling.

It stinks worse on the other side of the door, with the sweet scent of mildew and decay. On the other side of the room is the source of the smell - the corpse of a woman, lying in a netrunning chair, her remains desiccated and rotting, leeching into the upholstery. It's obvious she's been here awhile.

A DV15 First Aid or Paramedic check is sufficient to determine that the corpse is of an African American woman.

It appears her head caught fire, and given the ruins of the electronics at the base of her skull, it's not a major leap to assume she was netrunning and something went wrong.

A DV17 Paramedic or DV21 First Aid check is sufficient to determine the time of death, revealing that the woman has been dead for more than 6 months, but less than a year.

A DV17 Conceal/Reveal object check also reveals a small chip that Nightlight appears to have taken out of her skull as her dying action, clenched in her closed fist or lying on the floor nearby.

Behind the body is another set of glass doors - behind them, a console is hooked up to a server rack, all of which are still powered. An access point, presumably not just into the net, but the old net. Why it's here or how it's still powered are mysteries for another day, as the console is active, an old-net browser window pulled up.

I have no mouth…

When a player approaches the console, an AI version of Nightlight begins opening browser windows, as follows, revealing what happened here:

(note: the Nightlight on the console/servers is heavily corrupted, unable to speak and trapped on the hardware with a fragment of the Blackwall - hence the cryptic transmission and the communication through web articles instead of… anything else.)

Lights Out!: A local screamsheet in Heywood from about a year and a half ago discusses the disappearance of Nightlight, his friend and co-reporter, following violence from the gangs and corps she was reporting on.

The article is framed as a call to action to the NCPD and Night Corp to restrain the city's major players and enforce the freedom of the press that they're supposed to protect.

When The World Ends: An expose about the many ruins buried beneath Night City, with a map of various doomsday bunkers that have been abandoned and uncovered.

Blackwall Boogeyman: A news article from Network 54 highlighting the implementation of a new program (circa 2 years ago) called the Blackwall and how it will finally end the permanent recession of the Red Decades.

Ghosts In The Machine: A biography of well known netrunners that were destroyed by Soulkiller or other rogue AIs during the 2020s, and a more recent addendum noting that the new Blackwall seems similarly indiscriminate in executing runners.

Digitize Me, Captain: A collection of reports surrounding the controversy of VI constructs being left to manage family affairs after the person those constructs are based on has passed away.

All New, All Fit, All Fat: A popup ad for a new, universally-compatible line of storage drives, asking the user to buy now.

The Nightlight on the machine is heavily damaged and doesn't understand her surroundings, which is all that's spared her from being totally destroyed by the also-damaged Blackwall fragment and also helps explain the cryptic broadcast.

If the players deduce that an AI is on the machine and attempt to download it, they can do so - but the Blackwall fragment comes with it, permanently corrupting the storage device used except for, again, the Nightlight fragment.

Not much changes from machine to machine except that the following check can only be attempted once, once Nightlight is disconnected from the servers.

Nightlight cannot be copied or her programming tampered with except to defrag her personality matrix.

Doing so requires a DV15 Interface check or DV24 Electronics/Security

On failure, the target immediately takes 4d6 damage direct to HP (Interface) or one of the servers in the room explodes to deal 3d6 damage in a 4m radius (Electronics/Security).

Once all the server racks have exploded (there are 5), the console ceases functioning altogether - the copy of Nightlight which has been telling the news for the last 6 months dies, along with the fragment of the Blackwall.

If the defrag is successful, Nightlight regains her bearings and sends a message to the players via radio, starting Beat 4.

The defrag check can be circumvented by plugging Nora's old brain chip into the console, reuniting the two Nightlight fragments and destroying the Blackwall remnant on the system.

Once 30 minutes have passed or Nightlight has been defragged, proceed to beat 4.