This beat takes place in the @Scene[fqgvewCqt8z94mll]{The 7th Circle Bar & Casino + Holodeck}. To begin:

Place the player tokens near the entrance.

Place @Actor[17CTAE5lKmZFHY9i]{Vido} in his usual booth at the back, @Actor[rQdrdTOYV13yilZD]{Sammy} at the bar, @Actor[PJBDw6Qy61QZGIXp]{Silvers} at the door, and @Actor[Y7NnvbMut6swzVaA]{Checkers} in the pit.

Populate the club at your discretion - it's busier than usual tonight.

A Call For Celebration

Your agent pings - a text from Vido. The first one in awhile!

"Bonjour, mis vouchers! Originally, I was to invite you to an event this evening as the guests of honor, in celebration of the Afterlife's successes - but it appears that was not to be! Report to me at your earliest convenience in the 7th Circle, and we shall do what needs done. Do it quickly, and perhaps you will be finished in time for the celebrations!"

Later, downstairs, in the 7th Circle, the attitude is festive. The Afterlife is fully operational, which is no mean feat. The digital fires on the club floor are brighter and multicolored; there are drink specials at the bar, and decorations are hung around the club. A combat tournament is being planned in the danger room, and high-stakes poker is planned down in the pit. Even despite the preparations, the club is occupied as ever. The Afterlife rarely sleeps, nowadays, and something small like prep for the party of the year isn't about to change that.

Vido waves you over, the thin vineer of cigarette smoke hanging over his booth in the back, and begins the briefing.

Mission Details

"First, I must apologize! The Owner wanted to be here personally, but she and much of our security forces are otherwise occupied, and I was not privy to the details of the engagement. But nonetheless, business must continue! You are aware of Nightlight, yes? The pirate broadcaster responsible for much of the news which circulates in our little community. If you have been listening, you will have heard of her… predicament."

Vido pauses, allowing the recording that has been playing over Nightlight's pirate frequency to loop. ((see @UUID[.p32p3gKrHWYWoWOT]{Nightlight... Editorial?}))

"We have ourselves the unique sort of Night City situation which only a crew such as yourselves are positioned to solve. Here are the details."

Nightlight has been a mystery to the Afterlife and its staff for some time. In theory, the Owner would have liked to recruit her, but all they could ever find was her former name and a string of old hideouts that had long-since been dispossessed.

Nightlight's real name was Nora Jackson, a young media of little report who grew up as a NC local in Heywood during the 2020s and 30s - very little is known about her otherwise.

Among many other things, the DataKrash wiped medical records and birth certificates, and if Nora's parents are still alive, they never came forward during the Afterlife's investigation.

Her media work was small, but she obviously had talent and was being noticed by the right people - until about 6 months prior to the campaign start, a few months after she'd begun her broadcasts, when the accuracy of her reporting and a seeming clairvoyance surrounding certain headlines shot her popularity through the roof.

About 8 months before the start of Ticket To The Afterlife, she disappeared without a trace - except, of course, that she was still broadcasting.

The broadcasts are bounced through transponders across the city, making them virtually impossible to track down, and the presence of heavy redundancies and self-monitoring systems suggests that Nora is a talented netrunner as well as media.

As of last night, it appears Nightlight is in trouble, judging from her broadcast. Vido and the Owner believe that the broadcast was a coded message for help from the Afterlife.

Aside from the static and distortion, Nightlight's broadcasts always follow a pattern with certain hallmarks - every broadcast has a certain signon, an order to the news, and so on, which this broadcast broke.

Additionally, Nora mentioned that she'll be at the Afterlife in person - and, in fact, has been there before - but none of the Afterlife staff have any knowledge of her having ever entered the establishment, in alias or otherwise.

The broadcast contains clues that Vido wants the party to follow up on - a raid in the Old City Center.

Vido's sourced some basic details on the raid - a black ops team presumed to belong to Militech raided a scav stronghold, wiped them out, then were driven out by Maelstrom, who now hold the building.

Vido doesn't know what Militech wants in the building, or why the raid was last night in particular, but assumes that the corp was after Nightlight, for some reason.

He also doesn't know why Maelstrom decided to attack Militech, but assumes that it's not exactly intelligent design - a black ops team was on their turf and obviously wants something, which means Maelstrom wants it too.

Vido also suspects that Nora requested the party in particular, since they're the "group of all stars" she mentioned in her broadcast, a title she also used to refer to the "reclaimers," the scavengers across the city and North America which specialize in diving ruins to recover rare and valuable salvage.

He wants the party to go investigate the ruins and, if Nightlight is there, to recover her and return her safely to the Afterlife. If it turns out to be a bunk lead or the party doesn't feel like they're capable of facing off against Militech and/or Maelstrom in force, he notes that he'll still pay half the listed amount (2 Eagles + 150eb) per edgerunner for the attempt.

Once players are ready to move in, proceed to beat 2.