For your convenience in ad-libbing, here is the sequence of events as they played out prior to the players investigating during the gig:

At some point in the past (more than 6 months/before the start of the campaign), Nightlight was an up-and-coming media and netrunner who decided to hijack a pirate frequency and begin broadcasting to Night City's slowly rebuilding edgerunning community.

She saw moderate, but not extraordinary, success, mostly due to her alluring voice, her commitment to the truth, and her fearlessness in her reporting.

Eventually she made a powerful enemy in Netwatch, as she was experimenting with tapping the Old Net to dig into modern systems ("digging in through the basement") to search out scoops before they appeared and confirm otherwise impossible headlines.

In so doing, she discovered a 'friend', an erratic AI personality construct which followed her back as a fugitive from the newly-constructed Blackwall and installed itself into her chipware.

This symbiosis boosted her intelligence and netrunning abilities, but also created a psychosis, as she found herself increasingly addicted to the net.

The personality was initially propelled purely by a hate of the corporate world, but over time, grew to also enjoy the sensations of Nightlight's life, living as it was in her head.

Nightlight interfacing with the AI and increasingly deeper dives required hardware only available in old-world ruins, and she was also running out of places to hide from Netwatch and their Militech black-ops partners.

Thanks to her AI's guidance, this led her to a bunker in the Old Combat Zone where she was able to hide, and regular payments to scavs and/or Maelstrom ensured shipments of food and other essentials.

Eventually a run went bad - the Blackwall itself killed Nightlight, sensing the AI in her cerebrum.

As she died, Nightlight ejected a storage chip from her slots, which contains an isolated, dormant version of the AI that was living in her head.

The version of the AI still connected to the Net escaped the clutches of the Blackwall thanks to Nora's death, but felt terribly guilty about this, having been humanized through long-term exposure to Nightlight.

Already partially modeling itself after the original Nora's personality, the AI decided to carry on her work to atone for getting her killed.

With the AI taking direct control, it/she no longer had any limitations in its mission except to avoid attracting Netwatch to its/her hideaway beneath the Old City Center.

Nightlight's popularity and accuracy skyrocketed as a result - the AI tapped into everything from corporate systems to traffic cameras, seeming to know about headlines before they even occurred.

It's during this era that the campaign presumably starts - around 3-6 months after the death of the original Nightlight.

Over the course of the campaign, AI-Nightlight continued her reporting, but Netwatch was hot on her tail, slowly zeroing in on her position after each broadcast.

The night before the gig begins, a Militech black ops unit conducts a raid on the scav den in the Old City Center which is directly above the bunker Nightlight was broadcasting from, damaging her transmission commitment and isolating the bunker in the process.

When the AI realized she was under attack, she retreated hurriedly from the NET, attracting the attention of the Blackwall in the process.

The ensuing fight (physical and digital) destroys her transmission equipment and isolates her servers from the Net - along with a fragment of the Blackwall, which, cut off from the net on unfamiliar territory, AI-Nightlight manages to fend off at great cost to herself, corrupting both her own program and the Blackwall's code fragment in the process.

Before Militech could finish the job, they were attacked and pushed back by Maelstrom, who are currently battling to hold the building - whatever Militech wants, they know it'll be valuable, and want it for themselves.

The AI, meanwhile, has sent out a disguised call for help to the Afterlife as her heavily-distorted nightly broadcast, lacking any other means of contacting them.

She/it intends to seek refuge at the Afterlife, offering her services in exchange for safe harbor from Netwatch - a long shot, but better odds than anything else she/it can muster.