Mission Setup Time: 20-30 Minutes.

Now that the Afterlife's been opened to the public, there are two key features that the owner wants to prioritize. The second updating the hotel's caliber of service and materials, and that will require a crafty and experienced Head Of House.

This mission unlocks the Hotel's services on completion, if Rodger Stout is rescued successfully. If he isn't, the Afterlife can hire someone else to improve the services at GM discretion.

The Candle Flickers



Friend Opportunity: Mr. Stout

Mr. Rodger Stout is a distinguished English gentleman and an efficient operator, having spent his life running the lives of those who hired him to do so. If befriended, he can be relied upon to provide his coordination skills to your followers. He takes well to those who can follow directions while still offering input, and dislikes rebels or mindless drones.

Enemy Opportunity - Retirement Home Owner

The Shady Shallows Retirement Home is located in the University District, and lives up to its name. Its proprietor is a known swindler with all kinds of nasty connections. Can be replaced by an enemy with a gang-aligned, or corp-aligned, background.

Rep Opportunity: The Sleepers Must Awaken

The first character to rouse the sleepers to action earns this achievement.

Gig Payout

300eb + 2 Eagles per player, with a bonus of 100eb + 1 Eagle per player if Mr. Stout is recovered without injury and gives the go-ahead.

Beat Chart

Beat 1: Meeting Sammy & His Dad

Once again meeting with Sammy, they're introduced to his only surviving family and given the assignment - the Afterlife needs a head of house, and the old man knows exactly who'd be a perfect fit.

Beat 2: Where's Rodger's Neighborhood?

The players are asked to locate Rodger, by speaking with one of his former employers.

Beat 3: Rescuing Rodger

Having acquired everything they need, the party makes their way to the Shady Shallows Retirement Home and discovers a sad truth, and reveals a monster wearing human skin.

Beat 4: Finding His Faculties

The party needs to recover some chipsoft from Mr. Stout's former employer, and are faced with a choice when doing so.

Beat 5: Returning Rodger

Now possessed of his full faculties once again, Rodger can be returned to the Afterlife, where he begins work immediately. And, most interestingly, he insists on meeting the owner - an event that Sammy says is long overdue for the players, as well…