The FM Receiver Crackles, The Pirate Wavelength Carrying A Cool, Seductive Female Voice…

"Good evening Night Citizens, this is Nightlight, voice of the city, here to take the scream out of the sheets and into your ears as a cool whisper, fingers down the back of your neck, and eyes in the back of your head. You can never have too many pairs unless you're Maelstrom and you take that idea literally, so keep 'em open out there, NC.

"Tonight's top story: Night Corp has released their latest report on NC's age demographics, and to no one's surprise it's still skewed sharper than a Piranha's personality after a Blue Glass binge. All you beautiful 20-somethings out there running the gangs, enjoy it while it lasts, 'cause statistically you still aren't likely to make it past 55. You take out the old folks who live in their ivory towers in Little Europe and the Glen, and we may as well be partying like it's 1555, 'cept this time it ain't infant mortality rates that are bringing down the curve. Turns out those old bones from the 20-teens and 20s just can't keep up with the new blood where it counts, speedware or not, but maybe you'll be the exception to the rule.

"But if you are looking to party, I've got it on good authority that the rumored cloud-city in Upper Marina has finally opened its doors, and if you're in the know, I wouldn't wait to get down there. The party's raging every night below Night City's streets, and puts a new spin on the term 'ground floor opportunity.'

"Last but not least, it looks like our 6th Street Saviors only bought us a temporary reprieve. Now that they've been flushed out of South Night City, we're getting reports of scav abductions from Westbrook all the way to Pacifica, and everywhere in between. Keep your eyes on those side alleys, Night Owls, and if you're able, maybe try a little pest control of your own. It takes a village to raise a child and it takes a city to maintain one - street vermin are everyone's problem.

"Up next we've got some electroswing for you to pop heads and swing your swords to - last century classics with a funky fresh twist! Until next time NC, this has been Nightlight, signing off and hoping I made your night a little brighter.