The remainder of this mission makes use of the same setup as Beat 3.

Rescuing Rodger

The building is as broken down on the inside as it is on the outside. The floor and ceiling are both mildewing, and in dire need of repair. The plaster on the walls has yellowed and is starting to crumble. The center clearing might've once been a garden, but has been reduced to a broken patch of dirt with nothing of interest but a pair of dead trees. Security cameras keep vigil over the area.

Locating Rodger isn't too difficult; the security cameras can be hacked with a DV9 Netrunning check to spy on the rooms, and the reception/admin computers have a registry of all the guests (also a DV9 Netrunning check, or DV15 Electronics/Security). Just visiting the pods until you find him will also work.

The area is being patrolled by security staff at GM discretion.

Getting him out is another matter entirely (note: see "Once Rodger's removed" below for consequences).

Rodger is hooked up to a BD wreath and life support systems which require checks to remove safely.

He can be released from the pod via any terminal in the building, once one has been accessed. This includes the terminal at the front of his pod, which is a DV9

The BD wreath requires a DV15 Cybertech check to remove, or DV21 Electronics security, but this check can be skipped if he was removed via terminal.

The life support systems require a DV15 Paramedic check to remove, or DV21 First Aid.

If these checks are failed, the apparatuses can still be removed, but doing so inflicts 1d6 damage (max: 3d6 per check) to Rodger for every 2 below the DV that the check was failed by.

Players can see the evidence of this failure - blood from areas where IVs were removed, seizures, foaming at the mouth, etc.

Once he has been awoken, Rodger will be in a daze.

He will refer to female characters as "Martha," androgynous characters as "Sam" and male characters as "Thomas," attempt to issue them housekeeping orders, and will not remember who he's serving, how he got where he is, or what happened to him in the BD chamber.

A DV17 Paramedic or Cybertech check will reveal the cause for this addled state as a chip in his neuralware socket, which can be safely removed without issue (though doing so will immediately cause him to pass out).

Anyone who passes such a check also learns that, once the chip is removed, Rodger's mental faculties will slowly return to him over the course of weeks.

This process could be accelerated by retrieving a Miracle Chip - a bit of chipware that acts as a mental stimulant, reducing or in some cases eliminating the effects of Alzheimer's.

These effects are also suppressed while he's playing Acheron (the battle royale that the scavs were forcing the sleepers to play) as the BD has been designed to overcome such problems.

Once he's removed - Rodger was at the top of the leaderboard in the current dethmatch, and his absence is immediately noticed by the scavs playing the game, triggering a silent alarm.

Once Rodger has been removed, or the party decides to leave him in the pod (for the moment), proceed to the next beat.