The remainder of this mission makes use of the @UUID[Scene.kCCmgpQ8ydS06ngn]{Shady Shallows Retirement Home} scene, along with an environment. To begin:

Place @UUID[Actor.hCh5l7uiIPAzHacV]{Aleesha™} at the front desk in the reception area.

Place @UUID[Actor.gJAU7fJXKc1lvN2o]{Rodger Stout} in one of the suspension pods (GM discretion). He has 15 health remaining.

If mortally wounded, he begins making death saves.

Place the player characters in the reception area of the retirement home.

Place @UUID[Compendium.night-city-gang-and-corp-mook-pack.NCGangsnCorpsMooks.Actor.ZZKdjSmBDqF0RJOT]{RatSec Security Cameras} as follows:

1 overlooks the northwest corner of the main hall, and another watches the southeast.

1 is in the corner of each stasis room, and in the rec room.

1 overlooks the reception area from above its interior doors.

Place @UUID[Actor.oYGA773Z7NAtyBkx]{Retirement Home Staff} (actually modified scav savages) as follows:

1 in the office across from Aleesha

1/2*partycount in the administrative room (that's the big one on the bottom of the map)

1/3*partycount more in the rec room (that's the area with the bathroom on the right side)

Place a @UUID[Compendium.night-city-gang-and-corp-mook-pack.NCGangsnCorpsMooks.Actor.pNTV62sWeONIvn7Z]{Scav Tech} in the chopshop (that's the bloody area on the right side).

Off the edge of the map, place the following reinforcements:

1 @UUID[Compendium.night-city-gang-and-corp-mook-pack.NCGangsnCorpsMooks.Actor.N1143CZDzlca7sz6]{Scav Butcher} (the building's proprietor and the leader of the gang)

1/2*partycount @UUID[Compendium.night-city-gang-and-corp-mook-pack.NCGangsnCorpsMooks.Actor.UM3c8a92eSdEQmB8]{Scav Monsters}

1 @UUID[Compendium.night-city-gang-and-corp-mook-pack.NCGangsnCorpsMooks.Actor.pNTV62sWeONIvn7Z]{Scav Tech}

1*partycount @UUID[Compendium.night-city-gang-and-corp-mook-pack.NCGangsnCorpsMooks.Actor.SNKnBqS4lCZPd5yU]{Scav Savages.}

For every 6 mooks created as reinforcements, create 1 Scav-Tagged @UUID[Compendium.night-city-gang-and-corp-mook-pack.NCGangsnCorpsMooks.Actor.skUkbMc9rOygWl4o]{Generic Van} with a max of 30 HP. Distribute the reinforcements evenly between each van.

Review "The Chop Shop" at the bottom of this entry.

Change the scene to @UUID[Scene.x54RnBX4pYEGzPEl]{New Westbrook Environment.}

Then, read the following.

Shady Shallows Retirement Home

On the edge of New Westbrook, just before the urban hellscape turns to dusty industrial sprawl, you find Shady Shallows. It's a squat, single story concrete building that was probably alright to look at in the 2020s, when it'd been painted and maintained. But it hasn't been, and it shows.

Windows are partially boarded to compensate for broken glass. Scav tagging is everywhere on the surrounding buildings, though it's conspicuously absent on the building you're actually here to see. It looks as though someone unearthed a bunker and skinned its walls for parts.

It isn't active, despite the bustle of New Westbrook around it. No one's going in or out, and evidently the homeless camps that dominate most of the district have decided to steer clear for whatever reason - the parking lot is empty except for a beat up commuter box from the 2020s.

There's a front entrance, and a fire escape on the north side. To the south, there's another entrance - probably administrative. A row of cargo crates sit on the dusty lot out back - maybe containing supplies, maybe more rooms for the retirement home, who knows.

Once inside….

Change the scene to Shady Shallows Retirement Home.

The lobby isn't much to look at - plastic seating is arranged at its edges, and a flickering television screen is alternating between visuals of a fish tank and a UFC rerun every few seconds, like it's gone out of tune somehow. A pair of glass double doors are at the back, showing a hallway that leads north to south.

At the receptionist desk, a bored-looking young woman is doing her makeup, conspicuous for just how out of place she is. Her clothes are designer, her nails immaculate, her hair flawless and her makeup expensive.

Seeing you enter, she snaps her mirror shut and fixes you with an annoyed stare. "Welcome to Shady Shallows; we're closed to visitors for the day, sorry."

The receptionist (Aleesha) is well paid to deflect from the true nature of the retirement home, which she knows nothing about. See her mook sheet for some brief notes on playing her. She's been given very specific instructions:

Obstruct anyone who wants to visit their relatives or friends for any reason. A corporate bureaucrat was hired to design a nearly-impenetrable (DV19 Bureaucracy check, reduced to DV17 with 3 or more points) system of checks to stop anyone from getting in.

In place of physical visits, AI-driven "live chats" with the guests are enabled, supposedly while they're asleep in the suspension pods at the home. This is a ruse, though it'd be difficult to tell with how addled old folks might be once they're put under, normally.

Anyone who comes in to pester the staff - salespeople, procurement, etc. - are to be taken to the back, alone, where they can be "dealt with."

To keep Aleesha ignorant, this involves taking them to admin, where they can then escorted by security to the chop shop and disposed of. The scavs aren't fans of anyone, but solicitors especially.

"Troublemakers" (rival gangs and edgerunners) are to be turned away - failing that, security is to be notified immediately so they can be "forcibly removed" or otherwise dealt with.

She might flirt with an especially attractive party member, but otherwise, will stubbornly keep the door locked and follow her instructions to the letter; this can only be circumvented by making a DV21 Interrogation (intimidation) or Persuasion check. Otherwise, persuasion attempts will have her show faux-sympathy and offer to schedule a future appointment once the proper forms have been filled in.

She won't fight if attacked, though the scavs will attempt to rescue her.

Once players have made it into the building proper (one way or another), proceed to the next beat.

The Chop Shop

Surprising no one who's been in Night City long enough, a "cheap, affordable, mentally spacious retirement home in New Westbrook" is too good to be true. Rates are cheap, and a pod always seems to be available for that desperate family who need to pawn off gramps once he finally loses his last batch of marbles.

Behind the concrete walls, though, a sinister scene lurks.

The medical cyberware that's used by the elderly - synthetic organs, limbs for the frail, anti-Alzheimer's neuralware, etc. - is quite valuable, and desperate families rarely think twice about where it came from.

Sure, it wouldn't be that expensive new, but the type of people who buy from scav dealers aren't the type that can afford new to begin with.

The prospect being offered holds limited appeal, though - full-dive BD pods manage food and waste, letting the inhabitants live out their personal heavens in their twilight years, restored to bodies lost to time. Popular scenes include:

Judgement-free sexual escapades

Recreations of old memories

Globe-trotting adventures

Recreations of action movies with them as the star, or even just being able to spend time with an AI-

Despite the scav marketers' best efforts, though, the place has earned a rep - nobody who checks in lasts more than a couple months.

It's worth noting that this, sadly, isn't especially rare at any retirement home in the Dark Future.

Extended full-dive BD usage isn't healthy even if you had all your mental and physical faculties, which these patients don't.

Furthering their cruelty, the scavs won't even let their victims rest peacefully. Instead, they engage them in a full-dive battle royale BD called Acheron, which the scavs themselves also engage in as a source of leisure.

The contestants are forced to battle across the hellish plains of a simulated afterlife. Victors are granted Valhalla - a temporary reprieve, and the assurance that they won't be chopped up for parts (unless there's a special order, anyway).

Those on the bottom rungs are cut up to make room for new arrivals, and fund the business's continued operation.

Unknown to any but the scavs, Rodger Stout has topped this leaderboard for the last couple months, ensuring his survival - for the moment.

Could Acheron be the scavs' undoing? - Unknown to the scavs, they've inadvertently been training some truly hardened warriors. The sleepers might not be physically adept in their old age, but then again, the scavs have selected for an excess of cyberware. Wake them up, put a gun in their hands, and you can expect them to be a force to be reckoned with.