This beat uses the gambling rules that were utilized in Checkered Past, which can be found in the Services To The Afterlife journal entry 4.

The beat begins when players sit down at Checkers' table in the Afterlife, to play a game with Petrovitch. Up to 2 players can join the game.

To begin, read the following:

A High-Stakes Game Has Amassed Quite A Crowd

"About time," Silvers says as you approach. She gestures to the empty chairs. "Been waiting for you. Now that we're here, we can get started. Tonight's starting ante is 8 Eagles, or equivalent in cash." (Note: Eagles are worth 100eb each)

If the party combined doesn't have the ante for a given round, the Afterlife will compensate them for any losses, but neither will they keep any winnings, should they succeed at the game.

This is a 9 round high-roller table, due largely to the ante increasing as the game goes on (at rounds 4 and 7, specifically).

If the players lose the game at any point, refer to the final section of this journal entry.

The primary way this scene progresses is with Metrovsky sharing information by round, as follows.

Night City Holdem - Play-By-Play

Round 1 (Ante - 8 Eagles):

Metrovsky takes an interest in the players who sat down immediately, asking after their interesting features (unusual cyberware, high rep score, etc.) in small talk.

Round 2:

Metrovsky wonders at where the players acquired their wealth, and suggests that it might be good for business.

Round 3:

Metrovsky will share a little about himself - his SovOil standing, his status as head of Night City operations, and express regret that the Afterlife's current bouncer so heavily kneecapped his predecessors.

Round 4 (Ante - Raised to 11 Eagles):

Metrovsky receives a call via one of his team members and tells them to handle it, then apologizes to the game. He's looking for better hired help.

Round 5:

If another exec is nearby, Metrovsky commiserates with them over the lack of good help, and shares that he used to know someone who filled the role.

Round 6:

Metrovsky realizes he's loosing focus on the game, From this point on, any player can attempt a DV17 conversation check as their round action to make a bet with Metrovsky - in addition to the table ante, they can bet their services for the location of Rodger.

The check can be reattempted once each round; the DV increases by 2 for each failure.

If the players lose, Petrovitch sends them on a suicide mission befitting an edgerunner, at GM discretion, likely against Petrochem.

In order to win, the player actively betting must play 3 rounds/9 checks directly against Petrovitch (rolling off in place of a set DV) and win more of them than Petrovitch.

This is done separately from determining who wins the table ante in the main game, and can happen regardless of the outcome of the game.

The mission takes place in outer New Westbrook, just outside the Night City limits, and involves the party sabotaging a Petrochem system which Petrochem has contracted Militech to guard.

Players can choose to simply not do the mission, but doing so makes Petrovitch a party enemy.

Round 7 (Ante - raised to 13 Eagles):

In lieu of further conversation around his servantry, Metrovsky asks the players where they learned to gamble.

Round 8:

Metrovsky shares that he went to university in Moscow, where everything from grades to job opportunities to sexual favors could be settled at a card table.

Round 9:

Metrovsky is silent; focusing on the final outcome of the game.

If the players beat all 9 rounds without making a bet to learn Rodger's location, Petrovitch is impressed with them, and calls up Vido (or works directly via a reputable fixer or face in the party) to make them a job offer to raze the retirement home and kill his former servant, counting on the Afterlife's guarantees of contract enforcement to ensure the job gets done.

The pay for killing Rodger/destroying the home is 5 Eagles to each party member, received on proof of job completion.

What Happened To Rodger?

Rodger Stout worked for Metrovsky for several years, including during his migration to Night City, but discovered some unfortunate evidence of corruption that could seriously harm Petrovitch's standing within his corporation.

The information, which will only ever be revealed with a DV21 Interrogation check against Petrovitch, is that the exec was trading his corporate knowledge with a Petrochem partner and the two have been insider trading as a result.

Rather than risk Rodger's loyalty, Metrovsky arranged for his assistant to received some prototype neuro-soft designed to compensate for aged and failing mental faculties.

Once the chipware was implanted, an "unfortunate accident" occurred, the chip effectively producing an Alzheimer's-like state within Rodger, while retaining Metrovsky's plausible deniability in his sudden disappearance.

Stout has amassed many friends of his own over the years and a rather powerful network as well, hence Metrovsky's concern.

Stout's "compassionate employer" paid for Rodger to be stored in a retirement home in New Westbrook - one with a reputation for the people within it living only a few months. Problem solved.

Petrovsky will not part with any of this information easily, but the address of the retirement home/Rodger's location are the easiest parts - not even Rodger knows that he was set up by his former employer, and Metrovsky will lie easily to state that he doesn't know the details of the condition, or that the chipware can't be removed without killing Rodger.

So You Lost - Now What?

If players lost the game prior to learning anything of value or to the final showdown, they have two options: they can either buy back in, or they can pursue other means of collecting the information. These might include:

Stealing Petrovitch's agent and cracking it to find the location of the retirement home.

Requires a DV21 Pick Pocket check and a DV17 Electronics/Security or DV11 Netrunning check

Note that the Afterlife will punish thieves with excommunication or assassination, so do it off the Afterlife premises.

Locating Petrovitch's apartment in Little Europe (a penthouse suite atop a brownstone, 8th floor) and hacking his computer.

How the apartment location is sourced is up the the GM, but probably a task for a Fixer or Media, or else tailing Petrovitch home. Average checks for this encounter should hover around DV17.

Interrogating Petrovitch themselves.

Checks for this range from DV17 to 24 depending on the pieces of information that the players want to extract (listed in the prior section).

Cutting a deal with Petrovitch.

If the party has a reputable fixer or exec, Petrovitch will hire them to assassinate Stout and raze the retirement home; failing to do either will make him an enemy of the party (GM discretion).

Forgetting Petrovitch entirely and canvassing the retirement homes in Night City themselves.

This process will likely take a few days, with checks made at GM discretion. Start at DV24 for 1 day, and lower the DV depending on how much extra time the party chooses to take.

Once players have learned the whereabouts of Rodger, proceed to Beat 3.