Use the Dystopian City Junction or Dystopian City Streets scene from the Cyberpunk RED Core Maps.

Place the PC tokens, their vehicle token (if available) anywhere you like.

Add a about 10-12 Civiallians / Street Thugs to the scene.

If the disguised Maelstrom member's cover is blown, pick a random Maelstrom Gang member Token from the mook pack to replace it.

Activate the scene.

In case a fight with four more Maelstrom members ensues, use a mixed level variety from the mook pack later on.

Near Moore Street arcade

After the failed meeting with Sprinter, the PCs probably want to discuss things elsewhere. If they have their own vehicle at their disposal, they will see that someone has tampered with their car a few seconds ago when leaving the arcade. At this point, ask for some very tough Perception or difficult Reveal Object checks.

If the crew does not have a vehicle at their disposal, one PC is bumped into by some random stranger on the street who attaches a bug to their clothing. The person's intentions can be seen through with an appropriate skill.

The unknown individual is a member of Maelstrom who has disguised themselves as a homeless person.

If the crew is still carrying the suitcase around, four mixed level members of Maelstrom will try to attack the PCs and steal it from them instead. In each case, a ganger also tries to attach a bug to a PC's clothing during melee combat.

Sooner or later, a difficult check on Reveal Object should tell the PCs that their vehicle or clothing has been bugged. If this does not happen, sooner or later the crew will realise that they are being constantly followed by a dark car with tinted windows.

From this point on, the crew can think of a ruse to lure the opponents and become the pursuers themselves. There should be no limits to creativity here.

Two of many possible ways to figure out the whereabouts of the opponents' HQ:

Having a fake conversation while the bugs are active on where they want to stash the the suitcase. Then they can wait in hiding for Maelstrom to show up there and tail them back to the Badlands. Let's hope the crew is smart enough to remove the device from the suitcase first…

Interrogate one of the surviving Maelstrom members from the ambush.