Use the Hideout map.

Place Cousin Radu's token behind the bar and fill the place with any number of random guests (Civillians / Street Thugs / Gangsters).

Place two 6th Street Privates on the street in front of the venue.

Replace the 6th Streets' weapons with shotguns using the Martial skill and add shotgun slugs for them.

Place the NPCs Jim, Lou, Mike & Pete at the top right corner of the Hideout bar within the animated lights (they are playing a concert there).

The player character tokens can be placed on the street at the very top of the scene.

During the course of the evening, 1-2 vehicles with mixed level Maelstrom Gangers will appear in front of the building.

The recommended number of enemies is PCs +1.

Read the following:

The Hideout

"The Hideout" is a dive bar as you would expect. Neon advertisements for cheap drinks flicker outside. On the street, you are immediately greeted by members of the 6th Street Gang with shotguns at the ready. They make it unmistakably clear to you with just a look that no conflict is welcome here. Their bodies protected by Kevlar.

Apparently a concert is taking place indoors. A deep post punk bass blends into the screaming crescendos of an electric guitar. The drummer supports the keyboard playing singer at the front with rock interludes that set the beat.

Indoors the PCs are greeted by the local drink slinger named Cousin Radu. He is a slightly chubby barkeep with a well groomed beard and side parting dark hair. He's wearing what can only be described as the flashiest, and probably ugliest, colourful shirt the PCs may have ever encountered. His personality is loud and outgoing with a chatty and friendly nature.

This is a good opportunity to show Cousin Radu's character artwork to the players!

Before the PCs can even ask their own questions or order drinks, he immediately engages them in small talk of the worst kind. Where they are from - after all, this is the first time he has seen them here. Whether they watched the Night City Slammers' tragedy against the Los Angeles Hellbats last night. What their favourite fashion brand is. Every now and then he also drops a short, crude joke at the expense of a PC during his stories. However, he is also very good at dealing with counterattacks and can laugh about himself. Someone with a knack for lingos might realise that his accent is from somewhere in Eastern Europe. Feel free to make it difficult for the PCs to get to the point. There's so much Cousin Radu would love to talk about!

When the PCs can finally ask him questions about Sprinter, his eyes light up. Of course he knows Sprinter! Are they friends of Sprinter? The next round is on the house! Is she coming over tonight as well? Oh, they're looking for her? No, unfortunately, she hasn't been here lately. She works way too much and barely got the time to pop by for a lovely pint of her favourite strawberry cider...

This is the moment when the car(s) halt outside with screeching tires. Shots are immediately fired between the members of Rainbow Road on guard duty and Maelstrom's nightmare figures.

As soon as they notice something odd, the band members grab their gear and run out the back of the Hideout, escaping to the west.

You should now remove the music from the scene. Menu -> Ambient Sound Controls -> click on the Ambient Sound Object and then DEL to do so. Also stop the background sounds in the playlist tab of Foundry.

The PCs can now rush outside and attack Maelstrom, protecting the patrons and staff at the Hideout.

After the fight, Cousin Radu is very grateful for the PCs' intervention. He remembers that Sprinter stored some personal belongings in the Hideout's attic a long while ago. In case it helps them finding her, he allows them to look at her precious possessions.

If the crew has fled from Maelstrom, more members of the Rainbow Road will appear and take down the attackers after a prolonged exchange of gunshots and slashes. However, Cousin Radu will no longer offer the group any help, won't befriend anyone even if Sprinter is rescued eventually, and they will probably have to break into "The Hideout" after hours to acquire more information.

We're in this together now

The PCs find the following items in a rusty metal box in the dusty attic:

A mandate for a safe deposit box issued by Tara Cross. The safe deposit box is located at the Bank of Night City branch in Little Europe.

Do the PCs know the real name of Sprinter by now? If not, try to be vague about it while the PCs try to put the different pieces of information together.

Several printed screamsheet articles with photos from British media. There are reports from Birmingham about a large-scale drug deal that went horribly wrong. One gang member and two police officers were fatally wounded in the raid. The suitcase with the alleged cryptocurrency hardware wallet was actually just full of old printed gossip rags from the early 2030s. Both gangs accused each other of having exchanged and hidden the device beforehand. After all, they would all have to go to prison for a long time. Only the young lover of the gangster in charge, Emily Dunnes - who was also present at the scene, was classified as unsuspicious after a short time and was able to leave the police station after 48 hours of questioning. On closer inspection (professional Perception check), this young beau looks highly familiar to the PCs: It's the person from the photo with Sprinter posing outside "The Hideout" - his name is listed as Franklin Cross.