Run, Run, Run (As Fast As You Can!)



Friend Opportunity: Cousin Radu

Radu invites the PCs to his bowling league, and can use the time to share his Streetwise knowledge with them.

Enemy Opportunity: Maelstrom

Of all the crazies out there, the UK madlass has hired a local branch of Maelstrom for muscle.

Rep Opportunity: Aim To Head

If you take an aimed shot at Emily Dunnes from a stealthy position and manage to hit, she drops dead immediately.

Gig Payout

0.01 % finder's fee of the hardware crypto wallet. This is equal to 600eb + 3 Eagles each.

Notes to the referee

This gig does not feature much pre-written dialogue. At this point, all the important NPCs from the Afterlife should have already made an appearance. For this reason, only information that the NPCs possess is given.

The basic direction of the adventure is set, but feel free to adjust it based on the decisions and actions of the PCs, your specific needs while running it and / or to add more content to different scenes. As a longtime referee for Cyberpunk 2020 and Cyberpunk Red, I prefer a high level of flexibility and the mission should be handled accordingly. The minimalistic approach gives you the opportunity to learn more about important skills like improvisation and sandboxing. If the PCs are very experienced / less experienced in combat, you can always adjust the recommended number of enemies within the different beats.

Please keep in mind that all mentioned skill checks are merely suggestions. In case your players come up with a better or different idea, please go for it and adjust.

Example: The players ask you if they might be able to open a locked door without the proper tools at hand. A good answer to that is always: "Yes, but…"

Credits

This gig is dedicated to Sir Brian Walsh. You are the best friend one could ask for.- Jess Matthews

Written by Jess Matthews. Edited by Prometheus.

Thanks to: Anthony [Nightlight editorial] and Prometheus [feedback & map making tutorials]

Special thanks to: Cataphiles [music] ( https://cataphiles.bandcamp.com/album/cataphiles-4 )

Solo project of the bass player: ( https://atticfrost.bandcamp.com/ )

Please share the links with your players if they like the music from the Hideout scene to support the the band(s)!

Beat credits

Beat 1: Hobnail Boots - Meet me on the corner

Beat 2: Hocico - Where angels don't sing

Sub Beat 2.3: Nirvana - Where did you sleep last night

Beat 3: The White Stripes - There's no home for you here

Beat 4: Project Pitchfork - Crash

Beat 5: Cataphiles - Where to hide

Sub Beat 5.3: Nine Inch Nails - We're in this together now

Beat 6: Merciful Nuns - Saturn calls

Beat 7: Killing Joke - Age of greed

Sub Beat 7.3: Skold - Devil inside

Beat 8: Unkle - Rabbit in your headlights

Beat chart

Beat 1: Meet me on the corner

Instead of Sprinter, the group is greeted by Sammy the next time they go to the Afterlife, who explains how Sprinter rushed in earlier to grab some of her belongings and left in a hurry. Rogue and the other staff want to know what's going on; Sprinter is supposed to work tonight.

Beat 2: Where angels don't sing

The PCs are sent out to find their missing merc via Rogue, who provides the crew with Sprinter's address and license plate number.

Beat 3: There's no home for you here

The crew investigates Sprinter's home, discovers a break-in and finds a clue where she might be.

Beat 4: Crash

According to the screamsheets, Sprinter's car crashed and burned on Interstate 5 - investigating it provides clues, though the car's driver is nowhere to be found.

Beat 5: Where to hide

One clue lets the crew investigate a dive bar called "The Hideout". After defeating a gang-related attack, they are allowed to browse through Sprinter's old belongings up in the attic.

"The Hideout" bears fruit in the form of a mandate for a safe deposit box as well as some old clippings of a drug deal gone wrong in the UK.

Beat 6: Saturn calls

Say hello again to the bank you recently robbed! The safe deposit box contains a black suitcase with a cryptocurrency wallet inside, and shortly after the crew finds it, Sprinter finally makes contact with them to arrange a meeting for which she never arrives.

Beat 7: Age of greed

The crew discovers that their car/gear/clothing/HQ has been bugged. They need to lure the culprit with the drug money or come up with another ruse.

Beat 8: Head like a hole

Following the antagonist, the crew drives to an old shack in the middle of the Badlands. There they find Sprinter held hostage and can deal with the culprits once and for all.