Use the Badlands Captive map. Place the tokens of Emily Dunnes and an equal to the groups' size number of toughened Maelstrom members within the building.

Sprinter's token is placed in the locked room at the top right.

Reduce her HP to 15.

The player character tokens should be placed at the bottom of the scene.

Badlands Captive

The crew now has to try to free Sprinter from the hands of the enemy. The trail leads them to a secret base in the Badlands.

Burning piles of trash and a campfire illuminate the way to an old chop shop in the middle of the Californian desert. The building has an entrance to the left, a garage door at the bottom right and several windows that can be pried open.

When the PCs peek through the windows, difficult or professional Stealth checks are made by the crew.

This is a good moment to remind your players of the reputation opportunity mentioned in the mission summary. You can now show the character artwork of Emily Dunnes to them.

Once all enemies have been incapacitated or killed and Sprinter has been rescued, she gratefully reports on the background of what happened:

Her brother Franklin was in a temporary fling with Emily Dunnes in Birmingham, UK.

Due to the toxic relationship, he planned to sabotage a drug deal of his girlfriend's and abscond with the money.

He asked Sprinter to stash the suitcase for him until the dust had settled.

However, Sprinter thought it was wrong to leave the money to Franklin and took the suitcase to Night City, where she hid it in the safe deposit box.

Franklin was less than enthusiastic about his sister's actions and temporarily broke off contact. Eventually, however, the two reconciled.

After Emily Dunnes escaped from prison, she threatened Franklin, but did not dare to murder him in cold blood. He told her that Sprinter had hidden the money.

Emily Dunnes therefore made her way to Night City and hired Maelstrom as backup.

Sprinter found out too late from screamsheets back home that Emily Dunnes had managed to flee and wanted to make her way to the airport in Sacramento to fly back to Birmingham in order to help her brother.

On the way to the airport, she was run off the road by two cars and then engaged in combat by Maelstrom. She managed to escape fairly injured. Shortly before the meeting with the crew at the arcade, she was unfortunately overpowered in an ambush and taken hostage.

Sprinter will of course invite the PCs to a fitting victory celebration at the Afterlife. The contents of the suitcase are handed over to the British authorities and the crew receive a finder's fee and three eagles each.