This beat makes use of the @UUID[Scene.wanUwHXksurmCUGL]{Badlands Environment} and @UUID[Scene.RhMyE4ALlMT8CKqU]{Lady Of Commerce - Rooms} scenes. To begin:

Place 3 @UUID[Compendium.night-city-gang-and-corp-mook-pack.NCGangsnCorpsMooks.Actor.91JT7Zncn3Sb60Ge]{RatSec Elites} around the Lady of Commerce; 1 at the landing platform to the west, 1 on the bridge, and 2 at your discretion

Place @UUID[Actor.OjaS32vurnF5McFJ]{First Mate Ben Matthews} at the landing platform.

Place @UUID[Actor.fUURZKajl41k7KTL]{Captain Eric Blancher} in his office/quarters on the north side of the ship.

Change the scene to the Badlands Environment

Then read the following…

Aboard The A/V

Ranger is on the roof of the Afterlife bright and early, the A/V's doors open and its engines humming on the helipad tarmac. He's brought a pair of Dustwalkers with him, presumably to run the zep once it's been taken. Ranger hasn't removed his mask, but greets you with a chipper wave.

"Mornin, Locos! Let's go steal us an Aerozep!"

The trip to meet up with the AeroZep (which is just north of Sacramento) will take about an hour, and passes without event. During the trip, Ranger notes that he'll be standing by for air support just outside the radar range of the target, though the A/V doesn't have any weapons mounted on it at the moment. If players have radio communicators, they can use them to reach him.

On Arrival

"Ey, choombas, look to the front! She's beautiful!"

The GPS on the cabin's main screen shows that the AV is less than 3 miles from the meetup coordinates. A moment later the integrated camera flicks on, showing the vehicle in all its glory.

The Aerozep is a gleaming, silver, hard-body construction. A pair of engines on either side push it through the sky, an even distance between the ground and the scarce clouds of the badlands. It gleams brightly in the daylight, almost painful to look at. The Zhirafa logo is painted onto its side, and below it, the name: Lady of Commerce.

The A/V zips forward, easily outpacing the zep's top speed. It's a trick of the eyes, though, as it pulls up alongside the target and Ranger begins exchanging credentials. Below you, the ground is still passing along at nearly 100 mph/160kph.

"Good luck, Locos!" Ranger calls over the intercom. The other walkers have joined him in the cockpit.

A moment later, the side-doors of the A/V open to reveal an abutting landing platform that's been built into the rear of the Lady. Standing on it are two ship staff, looking at you expectantly, but the roar of the A/V's engines is too loud for them to do much else.

Swap the scene to @UUID[Scene.RhMyE4ALlMT8CKqU]{Lady Of Commerce - Rooms}.

As they step out onto the platform, any players with a WILL stat of 5 or less must make a WILL save; on failure, they suddenly (re)discover a severe fear of heights, and add -2 to all checks they make while the open sky or the ground is in view until they finally land.

Welcome Aboard

As you step onto the ship, the door of Ranger's A/V clacks shut, and it banks away. The entire platform is shadowed by the enormous hull of the ship above, but in the absence of the A/V, the quiet is suddenly eerie. Up above, the engines produce a quiet hum as they propel the ship, but it's scarcely a whisper, nearly lost on the wind.

"Welcome to the Lady of Commerce." one of the ship staffers steps forward, revealing a black man with a lined face and a grey beard. His eyes are alert, though, beneath his flight cap, and he has an assault rifle slung across his back. "I'm First Mate Ben Matthews. Come inside and set down your things, then we'll get to work."

Trouble In Heaven

As soon as Matthews steps inside (every door on the ship, including the one to the landing pad, requires a keycard - he scans his to allow the players in) the intercom sounds with a gruff, angry voice.

"Matthews! Are the mercs arrived yet? I want them upstairs securing cargo yesterday, this is going in my report!"

Mattews swears under his breath. "Captain Blancher," he tells the party. "He's just as friendly as he seems."

Inside, the ship's cabin is a sturdy-looking metal frame, warmly lit and covered by red carpet. Despite the ship's supposed new state, the carpet is already fraying. The other member of the greeting party rolls their eyes and heads off to the bridge.

Matthews directs the players to the bunkroom, and informs them that, as would be typical for a regular-sized crew, they'll be sleeping in shifts - but also expects that the trip will only take 3 or 4 days to complete.

It should be made readily apparent that Matthews and Blancher are butting heads.

In particular, Matthews was selected for his experience in running ships like this, but Blancher politicked his way into the position.

Matthews is on probation because of his boss's crap orders and management, having been forced to take the blame for both.

Once the players have had a chance to see the bunks, Matthews takes them up the freight elevator in the center of the ship to the upper level (see below).

The cargo there is in complete disarray, and he puts players to work in organizing it.

Organizing the cargo isn't hard, but it is labor intensive, and there's no tools around to make it easier; if no member of the party has a BODY of 10 or more, they're only partially successful. If no member of the party has a BODY of 8 or more, the effort is a failure.

Once players have had a chance to survey the upper deck, Captain Blancher summons whoever Connors identified as the "leader" of the merc team via the intercom; this could be the party's face or tactician - whoever it is that fixers usually work through.

The Upper Deck

The center of the upper deck is dominated by the freight elevator, which comes up between the machines and fuel tanks for the ship engines. Around them, the deck is in utter chaos.

Shipping containers of all sizes are scattered around, ranging in size from suitcases and cardboard boxes all the way up to full-sized cargo containers. Far from the orderly maximization of space you might've imagined, it appears the only rule in filling the hold was "first in, last out." Some of the larger boxes have been fastened down, and that's about it.

Of note: beyond the boxes, at the fore of the deck, a large gun has been positioned on either side of the ship, looking out at the sky. A gleaming, like-new console is astride its ammo feed, locked and awaiting use.

Mutinous Intentions

The captain looks up with emerald-green cybereyes as you enter his office. He's incredibly large, and pressed into an armored business suit that looks like it's armored just as much as a precaution to keep his belly in, as it is to keep bullets out.

"Finally," he snorts. "We've got things to talk about."

In this conversation, the Captain reveals that he intends to charge First Mate Matthews with gross negligence of duty after the expected attack is repelled, holding the officer, rather than himself, accountable for the damages and loss of time caused by the skeleton crew.

He's also concerned that Matthews is going to turn traitor soon, blaming his "religious fanaticism."

Given that the players are a team of mercenaries, he intends to buy their support.

The captain is concerned that Matthews' crew will side with the first mate, rather than the captain, when Blancher declares the trial.

He offers the players 1000eb each on delivery of the cargo safely to Seattle, if they support him in his effort to imprison Blancher.

The players, of course, will need the ship and its cargo anyway, and so will likely never see this money regardless.

Matthews can be told this information, at which point he plots to mutiny against the captain.

Before he can, though, or if/when the players decide not to tell him, proceed to the next beat.