While not required, this mission features heavy vehicle combat - this guide recommends familiarizing yourself with the Token Attacher module for easy gyro crew movement. Multilevel tokens is also a useful tool, allowing you to track initiative across multiple scenes simultaneously.

Mission Setup Time: 45-60 minutes. Much of that time will be spent messing with Token Attacher to get initiative working and get scavs loaded into their proper gyros.

Leveraging her mysterious contacts, Rogue is setting up a marketplace that she plans to make the heart of Night City. She's got the fixers all lined up - now it's just a matter of getting their stuff. That… might not be as easy as she's hoping.

Supply Lines



Friend Opportunity: Mr. Collins

The Afterlife's supplier-in-chief is a friendly Britishman with a nerdy streak for weapons. He can easily be won over by those with a similar interest, and his friends always get first crack at his new inventory.

Enemy Opportunity - Corporate Captain/Raffen Leader

The Corporate Captain is a lazy and entitled nepobaby, ready and willing to direct all their numerous failings onto their defenseless underlings at any opportunity. The Raffen leader is a desperate, borderline-psychotic character who will do anything to secure their power and their next meal. Either can be replaced with a player enemy at GM discretion.

Rep Opportunity: Free Fallin'

Survive an improvised departure from the AeroZep… without a parachute.

Gig Payout

5 Eagles +500eb per player, plus a potential bonus from what you find on the mission…

Beat Chart

Beat 1: Interference Patterns

The players meet Mr. Connors and his associates to learn about the job: hijacking an AeroZep transport.

Beat 2: Earning Your Wings

The players arm up, and meet Ranger for the AeroZep infiltration.

Beat 3: Air Traffic Control

The players arrive at the Aero and find a way aboard.

Beat 4: Pirate Air

The party fights off some interference.

Beat 5: Desert Heat

Now all that's left is actually getting the zep for yourself. Easy, right?

Beat 7: Ground Control

All that's left is to tally the takehome.

