This scene makes use of the 7th Circle map. To begin:

Place the Owner, Mr. Connors, Ranger, and two of the Afterlife's security guards in one of the booths at the back of the scene.

The Owner and Connors are sitting in the booth; the two guards are flanking it.

Place Sammy, Silvers and Checkers in their typical respective positions around the bar.

Populate the remainder of the bar at your discretion.

Place the player characters outside the Owner's booth.

Change the scene to the 7th Circle.

Then read the following:

Air Time

The Owner watches you approach her booth with keen interest. Next to her is one more new face - a British man in a fine suit and bow tie, looking prim and proper compared to the club's usual occupants. The Owner sent for you personally, on this one, sort-of. Sent for you personally via a message from the Frenchman. Close enough.

She's straight to business as you sit down.

"The Afterlife is having supply issues and you're going to rectify them. Mr. Connors?"

The man sitting next to her smiles. "To the point as always, ma'am." Then he turns to the rest of the group. "My name is Dylan Connors. I have been the primary supplier of the Afterlife's various needs up until now, including its tool bays, its medical facilities, and many of its other features. The Owner has requested more, and I am afraid I am at the limits of my capability, which is where you come in."

Mr. Connors intends to, in conjunction with a pair of other fixers, run a Night Market once a week in the basement of the Afterlife, but to do so, he needs to lean on the Dustwalkers, and they require a better means of transport than their singular A/V-4. It just so happens that one is flying just outside of Night City airspace.

The job: steal a 40-ton, top-of-the-line shipping AeroZep, first of its kind, from Zhirafa Technical Manufacturing and deliver the desert back into nomad hands where it belongs.

Nomads control almost the entirety of the world's shipping; Zhirafa producing its own means/alternative isn't sitting well with Ranger.

The ship was produced and assembled in the Zhirafa campus in Night City - time for a homecoming!

Ranger/the Dustwalker clan is providing transport up to the ship, which is currently puttering towards the Pacifica Confederation, having just left Sacramento.

The Afterlife's staff have pulled some strings to bring the party on as extra security.

Before the flight, they ensured that the ship would only have a skeleton crew of staff.

Then they made that fact known to a NorCal raider gang that'd recently been troubling air traffic with their collection of air gyros.

Then they told Zhirafa about the raid under the guise of Lazarus Security, offering a discrete collection of short-notice mercenaries to help secure the shipment.

Once the group is in uniform and on board, they'll need to stop the raiders, while also seizing the ship for themselves. Simple!

You all have someone who can fly the ship, right?

The Afterlife has also secured a little bit of information about the captain of the vessel.

The captain is exactly what everyone thinks a typical exec would be - narcissistic, selfish, lazy, and only-too-willing to betray those in their command when something goes wrong.

Though nobody has any confirmation, it's hard to imagine anyone on board being very loyal to the man…

Once players are finished talking to Mr. Connors, head on over to Beat 2.