The FM Receiver Crackles, The Pirate Wavelength Carrying A Cool, Seductive Female Voice…

Good evening Night City! This is Nightlight, voice of the city - you know the rest! Let's get into it.

Our top story tonight is a downed megazepp just outside the city limits, with Raffen Shiv taking credit for the attack. Militech's promised to triple down on its badlands patrols in response to the unprecedented hit, leading some to question if it was an inside job all along. You ask me, bringing one of those bad boys down could set a gang up for years to come - assuming you can contend with the flak guns and merc crews to do it. No ulterior motive needed.

Also got a heartbreaking story out of Heywood - looks like the NCPD got a gang bust wrong, gunning down over a dozen innocent people. The local medias are already calling in the Heywood Blue Massacre, and protests were staged outside of the NCPD Heywood HQ - right up until they broke out the teargas and water cannons. Considering just how many riots Night City's seen over the last 20 years, another one seems to be brewing soon, though given our track record, it'll likely kill more kids than cops. Stay safe out there folks - you know old Nightlight is never one to turn away from a good street scrap, but maybe stay home for the next one. Last thing we need is Militech rolling through the streets like we're back in 2037.

And on a lighter bit of news, dear ol' Nightlight's celebrating her two-year anniversary on this frequency! That's right - yours truly has been spinning tracks and scoring the soundtrack to the truth for over 700 days! That's longer than your average news anchor lasts on Network 54, that's for sure! Nobody's planned out a surprise party for yours truly just yet, but hey, I'll keep my eyes closed as I walk into the living room for another few days, just in case.

That's it for tonight - up on the chopping block is Black Edward with Desert Winds - let's keep those sails full and backs to the wind. This has been Nightlight, and I hope I made your night a little brighter.

