Total required setup time: 30-40 minutes.

The party receives an odd message from a stranger, with a mysterious coin in their pocket. Today, the mystery ends and they meet their first contact at the Afterlife, the hotel/bar/Night City playpen sure to be the thrumming heart of Night City's edgerunning community in just a few short weeks. Can you say "ground floor opportunity"?

Guarding The Pearly Gates



Friend Opportunity: Sprinter

Sprinter is proficient in Akido, and offers to train her friends. She takes well to "sporty" or athletic characters & interests, as well as MMA and other organized fighting, and will ask after them - she also enjoys hiking in restricted territories on her off time. She strongly dislikes brutes, flirts, and confidence (wo)men.

Enemy Opportunity: Scav Lead

The leader of the scav gang the players will be put against is an unhinged, violent psychopath - if any players have enemies which are part of a boostergang, you can replace the existing bad guy with one of them.

Rep Opportunity: Fast Hands

The first time an enemy would set foot in the Afterlife, one player with a held action may opt to make an aimed shot. If the aimed shot hits, the enemy is killed immediately instead of setting foot inside, regardless of their current health, and the player responsible gains 1 rep.

Gig Payout

400eb + 2 Eagles per player - also unlocks the Afterlife's security apparatus, making it a safehouse. A bonus of 100eb+1 Eagle/edgerunner will be provided if the Afterlife lobby's carpets stay as pristine as they were when the players first see them.

Beat Chart

Beat 1: Meeting Vido

Players meet their fixer contact, enter the Afterlife for the first time, are briefed on the job, and have the chance to ask questions.

Beat 2: Finding Sprinter

Players are sent out to meet up with Sprinter, the Afterlife's new concierge, who's gone missing on the day's assignment. They locate her and plan their next move.

Beat 3: Defeating the Scavs

The 6th Streeters Sprinter was going to meet were massacred by a scav gang that was after the job's bounty - military grade IFF and targeting soft for an array of traps and defenses. They'll need taken down.

Beat 4: Evading 6th Street

6th Street arrives on scene as the last of the scavs are dealt with, and will need to be managed.

Beat 5: In The Nick Of Time!

The players are summoned back to the Afterlife with enemy forces in hot pursuit, and must hold the lobby while the building defenses are brought online.