If No Scavs Made It Into The Lobby…

The sudden silence is eerie. Lights flash across the lobby. A minute later, it returns to its normal coloration; a cool, calm and artificial female voice says over the loudspeakers, "security breach contained. Thank you for your patience."

"Well!" Vido says, standing up and dusting his hands. "A little bit messy, but all in all, another day in Night City, no?"

(If a player completed the mission's personal rep opportunity, Vido takes the time to compliment him in particular.)

"Now then, I imagine you are in need of payment, and I am in need of a drink. I know a lovely bar in South Night City that will serve us well to one end, and the strongbox I keep in its basement will serve well to the other." Raising his voice, he adds, "come, Sprinter! I have not yet seen you drunk, and am curious if it betters your British nature."

If Scavs DID Make It In…

Dust trickles to the ground as the last of the scavs scurries away. Vido sighs and winces as a bit of plaster falls from the walls, and the turrets are still humming, looking for active targets.

"Well mes amies, I hope you don't mind me saying, that could have gone better."

He pauses to further inspect the scene, and winces again. "Aaaah, and they just put in those carpets…"

"Still, a job is a job, and you played your role admirably. No hard feelings for the property damage, eh? Perhaps insurance will cover it; 'acts of savagery' are as common clauses as 'acts of God,' these days."

"Now then, I imagine you are in need of payment, and I am in need of a drink. I know a lovely bar in South Night City that will serve us well to one end, and the strongbox I keep in its basement will serve well to the other." Raising his voice, he adds, "come, Sprinter! I have not yet seen you drunk, and am curious if it betters your British nature."

Rewards should now be dispensed according to the mission summary - pay special mind to any outstanding extras the players might have earned, like by turning in (then defending) Corporal Erins.

Vido is overall satisfied with any ending that sees the hotel's defenses activate, and a short scene at the bar (the included Retrograde Pool Bar scene can be used for ambience) is an excellent opportunity to introduce a moment where Sprinter befriends any of the edgerunners that are of interest to her.

Once the session has concluded, the players unlock the first service of the Afterlife. Details about it can be found in the @UUID[JournalEntry.yt2ffG5B0uqTKi1z]{Services Of The Afterlife Journals, Journal 1. Entrance Fee - Sanctuary & Reputation.} If you haven't already, you should also make the associated journal visible to your players - you can do so by right clicking it, selecting "Configure Ownership", and changing the "All Players" dropdown to "Observer."

Overall, Vido is sure to note that he will have more work available for the party as soon as they are ready.

Your Feedback Wanted!

Did you enjoy this session? Did something go wrong? Was there broken content? I would very much like to hear about your successes and failures both.

If you have a few minutes after your session, please take the time to fill out the feedback survey for this campaign, located here. It should only take 5 minutes, and will be actively considered as I make revisions to the campaign.

Your feedback matters! Thank you for playing!

