In this beat, 6th Street reinforcements arrive to figure out what happened during the deal. Players will need to contend with them.

Place 1 @UUID[Compendium.night-city-gang-and-corp-mook-pack.NCGangsnCorpsMooks.Actor.iJLMcpMY01qaEAZI]{6th Street Technical} on the road heading towards the school, as well as 1/3 partycount (rounded down) @UUID[Compendium.night-city-gang-and-corp-mook-pack.NCGangsnCorpsMooks.Actor.NcmoLFKKy8hGryfN]{Generic Compacts}.

The technical is manned by 1 @UUID[Compendium.night-city-gang-and-corp-mook-pack.NCGangsnCorpsMooks.Actor.RJ8o6HbeyuCUsmxO]{6th Street Corporal}, 1 @UUID[Compendium.night-city-gang-and-corp-mook-pack.NCGangsnCorpsMooks.Actor.fr0YE5jG4hXccvQW]{6th Street Lieutenant}, and 1 6th-Street Aligned @UUID[Compendium.night-city-gang-and-corp-mook-pack.NCGangsnCorpsMooks.Actor.siXtBrzjkX0N0AIc]{Gangster Enforcer}.

Rename the Lieutenant to Lt. Sam Maxwell

Each Compact Groundcar is additionally manned by 2 @UUID[Compendium.night-city-gang-and-corp-mook-pack.NCGangsnCorpsMooks.Actor.qVFP250CBqed50XV]{6th Street Privates} and 1 6th-Street Aligned @UUID[Compendium.night-city-gang-and-corp-mook-pack.NCGangsnCorpsMooks.Actor.zeG9k6liLkdHNrf4]{Booster Gangster.}

Gangster reinforcements will arrive as a unit on foot from the road 1d3 rounds after being summoned by 6th Street, and can be summoned as an action by the Enforcer, Corporal or Lieutenant at GM discretion.

Then read the following:

6th Street Goes To War

You hear a rumble of tires and overtaxed engines - from the road, lights flash. Another 6th Street Technical leads the charge as reinforcements for the dead gang members on the lot roar down the street, and the turret at the top of the technical is manned, loaded, and ready to fire.

(If the scavs got to a van and tried to flee):

There's a sudden screech and a blaring horn - a moment later, a sound of crashing metal as the van collides with the technical. You hear a crunch, a brief scream, and another crunch, presumably as the scav driver is ejected through the windshield. The van itself is suddenly immobilized in the gate, blocking access in or out.

(Regardless)

Someone's shouting over a microphone from the road: "6th Street! Drop your weapons or we will open fire!"

Running Lieutenant Maxwell

The LT. that's leading the group is named Sam Maxwell; the corporal in the technical is Danielle Erins, the mole inside 6th Street (she has loyalty to 6th Street and will not betray them for the scavs, no matter what the scavs say or attempt).

If any scavs are still alive in the scene, they will attempt to attack the Streeters; the Streeters will respond by opening fire, and will assume that the party is part of the group that attacked and killed their original trading group.

Otherwise, 6th Street will demand the party drop their weapons. If they comply, 6th Street will strip the party of their possessions and interrogate them on the lot.

Unless more than half the party failed the personal grooming check that they made for beat 1, in which case they'll assume the party are scavs and will open fire regardless.

A DV17 Persuasion check can be made to convince Lieutenant Maxwell that the party is not affiliated with the scavs. This check is made with a -2 penalty if 6th Street is currently shooting at them, and a +2 bonus if the party participates in killing any remaining living scavs, and/or turns over the still-living hostage in the classroom, and/or reveals that Corporal Erins is the mole if they have that information.

A DV15 persuasion check can be made instead to try and persuade Maxwell to let them call Vido, or to have Maxwell do it. Vido will confirm that they work for the Afterlife. If failed, Maxwell assumes they're trying to call more reinforcements.

If players remembered the codephrase from earlier ("Remmy wants a roast beef sandwich"), the check is auto-passed.

If this check is failed, but players attempt no hostile action, Maxwell will ultimately decide not to kill them, and Vido can later persuade him to hand over the chip, making the mission a long-term success assuming the party survives beat 5.

He will, however, confiscate any weapons, and any gear worth 100eb or more that the party is carrying on their person; items worth 100eb or less will be in Vido's possession 3 days later, but 6th Street will keep anything more expensive than that for themselves.

If Erins is revealed when the persuasion check is passed, she breaks down and confesses in tears; Maxwell cites the dead 6th Streeters on the court and places her under military arrest to await tribunal.

If Erins is revealed after the persuasion check is passed, she breaks down to much the same result and Lieutenant Maxwell thanks the players, offering them a reward of any set of non-exotic weapons & ammo from the 6th Street Arsenal totalling out at 200eb or less.

If players testify to the circumstances, she will survive and contact the players a day after the job finishes, informing them she's been "dishonorably discharged" but that their character witness was what kept her from being executed, and provide them with a total of $150eb as thank you.

Otherwise, she will later be executed.

Players can also opt to fight their way out; aside from the gangsters, no further reinforcements from 6th Street arrive.

Regardless of how the situation is resolved, if/when the players leave the scene with the chipsoft in their possession, read the following:

A Mad Dash

You run pell-mell through the streets of Night City, leaving the combat zone behind you. It seems the scavs haven't forgotten you, however, and evidently they know where you're going. You see several more affiliated vans roaming the streets, though none manage to spot you (barely) on your return.

(If she's with the party)

Sprinter is counting the blocks - "alright, just five more. Four more now. Three to go…"

Finally, the doors of the Afterlife are in sight - and accompanied by the screech of tires that echo off the surrounding buildings. Scav vehicles appear at either side of the street and burn rubber as they screech towards you. "Come on, go, go, run!" Sprinter shouts. Ahead of you, the doors are already open.

(Proceed to beat 5.)