In this beat, the players meet Sprinter, the Afterlife's concierge, and have the opportunity to assess a moderate-sized force of scavs before engaging them.

This beat uses the @UUID[Scene.XcdL7EiMCNgtQHHt]{6th Street Shootout} scene, and an environment. To set up this scene, as well as the next beat:

Place a token for @UUID[Actor.C1opBA4gYUZcTiGp]{Sprinter} in the enclosed building on the east side of the 6th Street Shootout scene.

Sprinter has taken 5 damage, and her armor has been ablated twice.

Place tokens for each player character across the street near Sprinter's building, out of view of the scavs in the schoolyard.

Place a @UUID[Compendium.night-city-gang-and-corp-mook-pack.NCGangsnCorpsMooks.Actor.SNKnBqS4lCZPd5yU]{Scav Savage} in the same room as Sprinter, on the chair. The savage is at 5 health, and has no weapons or armor.

At the same building's southern entrance, in the alcove formed by the fence, place a token for 1 dead @UUID[Compendium.night-city-gang-and-corp-mook-pack.NCGangsnCorpsMooks.Actor.zeG9k6liLkdHNrf4]{Booster Gangster} and 1 dead @UUID[Compendium.night-city-gang-and-corp-mook-pack.NCGangsnCorpsMooks.Actor.SNKnBqS4lCZPd5yU]{Scav Savage}.

If players investigate the bodies, they find that one was throat-punched, and the other's neck was snapped.

In the map's main area, place the following:

1 + (1*1/3 partycount, rounded down) @UUID[Compendium.night-city-gang-and-corp-mook-pack.NCGangsnCorpsMooks.Actor.iJLMcpMY01qaEAZI]{6th Street Technicals,} which are at 0 HP and are in the process of being stripped by scavengers. One of them is heavily on fire.

For each technical, place 2 dead @UUID[Compendium.night-city-gang-and-corp-mook-pack.NCGangsnCorpsMooks.Actor.qVFP250CBqed50XV]{6th Street Privates}, and 1 dead @UUID[Compendium.night-city-gang-and-corp-mook-pack.NCGangsnCorpsMooks.Actor.RJ8o6HbeyuCUsmxO]{6th Street Corporal}. Their corpses have already been picked over by the scavs for loot.

The emplacements provided by the privates can also be scattered around the scene at your discretion.

Also place 1 dead @UUID[Compendium.night-city-gang-and-corp-mook-pack.NCGangsnCorpsMooks.Actor.fr0YE5jG4hXccvQW]{6th Street Lieutenant} somewhere in the scene.

1/2 partycount @UUID[Compendium.night-city-gang-and-corp-mook-pack.NCGangsnCorpsMooks.Actor.SNKnBqS4lCZPd5yU]{Scav Savages}, 1/3 partycount @UUID[Compendium.night-city-gang-and-corp-mook-pack.NCGangsnCorpsMooks.Actor.UM3c8a92eSdEQmB8]{Scav Monsters}, and 1*partycount Scav-aligned @UUID[Compendium.night-city-gang-and-corp-mook-pack.NCGangsnCorpsMooks.Actor.zeG9k6liLkdHNrf4]{Booster Gangsters} are in the lot, picking over the remains.

For every 6 scavs in the scene, add 1 scav-tagged @UUID[Compendium.night-city-gang-and-corp-mook-pack.NCGangsnCorpsMooks.Actor.skUkbMc9rOygWl4o]{Generic Van}, which is at 15 health and only has a max of 30.

The reinforcement boostergangers will all arrive in 2 rounds if alerted, and will arrive in a scav-tagged Generic Van which is at its max of 30 health.

If your party has an enemy in this mission, rename one of the scav monsters' token to that enemy's name.

Change the scene to @UUID[Scene.Wshcn0z64sESiqde]{South Night City Environment}.

Then read the following:

Exterior, South Night City

The rain has finally tapered off, leaving a miserable grey sky that looks like it's ready to start crying again at any minute. Beneath its grey, depressed lighting, the dreary husks and ruins of SNC look apocalyptic. 6th Street Technicals patrol the streets, keeping watch for scavs, rival gangs, and the NCPD. Battered combat cabs crawl alongside them, kept company by well-armored couriers scurrying around on skateboards and bicycles. Thugs and the junkies prowl the sidewalks, and the homeless crowd alleyways and deserted ruins that have never been repaired from CW4. From a half a block away, you hear a shout: "Scott Brown motherfuckers, get the fuck out, I've got a showing!" Gunfire and panicked screaming follows shortly after.

The address that Vido gave you is in the heart of this urban decay - a pair of basketball courts outside the bullet-pocked shell of a high school, well into 6th Street territory and under their protections. The trickle of greasy smoke says otherwise.

(Change the scene to 6th Street Shootout.)

The 6th Streeters who were waiting to make the trade have been wiped out by a local scav gang. If your players charge into the scene or are made, the scavs are ready for them - skip to beat 3. Sprinter will not emerge from her room to assist in a firefight if she isn't contacted first.

Otherwise, any character with a base perception roll of 9 or more (or a DV9 perception check) can reveal that the 6th Streeters have been wiped out, and can do so from across the street to the north, where the scavs won't confront them. A DV15 perception check can give a ballpark estimate of how many scavs are present (I.E. "more than 5, less than 10); if the check is passed with an 18 or better, the exact count is provided.

Sprinter is watching for Vido's crew, and will signal the party by waving a flashlight at them out of her window.

Interior - James Martin Public School, Room 13

"Finally!" Sprinter says in a cockney accent as you arrive. "I was beginning to think that ol' Vido had forgotten about me!"

Tied to a chair behind her with a pulpy mass where his face used to be is a scav savage, stripped of his armor and weapons and groaning softly. The rest of the classroom is mundane; bare walls are lined with stacked tesks, and it's dark save for the window facing the street and the door at the far end of the room - although there's another window facing the court, its been blocked over with planks.

"Well then, now that you're 'ere, whats the plan?" she asks. The scav groans again, and she adds, "oh, right, introductions, then!"

Talking As Sprinter

Sprinter introduces herself as the Afterlife's concierge and acting head of security. The scav behind her is her interrogation target - she wants to know how the scavs got info on the meeting location to be able to grab the gear. She'll provide some barebones details about herself if anyone asks, but notes that now is not really the time.

Sprinter reveals that the chip containing the software the job needs is likely in one of the boxes/bags that the scavs have taken and put into the back of one of their vans, and just needs time to look for it.

To find the chip, an actor needs to be inside one of the vans and succeed a DV15 Conceal/Reveal object check as an action; this check can be repeated, if failed, and the chip can automatically be located after a combined 1 minute of searching.

Sprinter notes that 6th Street reinforcements will be here soon, and doesn't like the odds of getting out with the chip the gig needs

She's prepared to jump into the fray with the players, and will follow the party leader's plan so long as it doesn't put her unduly in harm's way or jeopardize the mission somehow.

She's about to give up on the scav behind her after spending some time trying to learn how they knew about the trade - but if the players can get some info out of them, she'll pass that along to Vido and they'll earn a bonus.

The info is worth an extra Eagle per player, if delivered.

Players can attempt to persuade or forcibly interrogate the thug to give up the information

If interrogated, the DV for the roll is set at 17. Depending on the methods used, you may want to reduce the thug's HP further and/or penalize the interrogating player with humanity loss.

If persuaded, the DV for the check is set at 17, and the player making the check makes it at a -2 penalty; this penalty can be removed if a DV15 first aid check is passed first, to help the thug's busted-up face.

If passed, the thug reveals that his boss knows a 6th Street insider, and provides the name of one Corporal Danielle Erins, the sister of whom the scavs took hostage a couple weeks ago.

If further pressured, the thug reveals that the sister was killed shortly after that, but Corporal Erins doesn't know.

The fate of the scav is in the players' hands - Sprinter is fine leaving him tied up, and has no intention of letting him go (or executing him).

Once players are ready to grab the software, or if the scavs are alerted (say, by a screaming and hollering scav hostage) proceed to beat 3.