In this beat, players will need to defend the Afterlife from angry Scavs and/or 6th Streeters who've come to take revenge.

This beat takes place in the @UUID[Scene.s4clZm7hY4mfQllb]{Afterlife Lobby} scene, and commences after players have left the 6th Street Shootout scene with the chipsoft they're after in their possession. Regardless of their standing with 6th Street, it's the scavs that end up pursuing them most doggedly - unless players somehow allied with the scavs and took out 6th Street.

If that's the case, substitute the generic vans for generic trucks with the same stats, and any Scav Monsters with an even mix of 6th Street Privates and Corporals, then continue as planned.

Prep

Have each player make a MOVE save (roll 1d10 - a result ≤ their MOVE characteristic passes).

For any player which passes their save, their token is placed just inside the doors to the Afterlife.

For any player which fails, they're placed 10 spaces from the front doors, on the sidewalk.

Place @UUID[Actor.C1opBA4gYUZcTiGp]{Sprinter's} token just inside the doors to the Afterlife, in front of anyone who passed their check.

@UUID[Actor.17CTAE5lKmZFHY9i]{Vido's} token is in the same place he was when the players first met him.

Place 1/2 partycount @UUID[Compendium.night-city-gang-and-corp-mook-pack.NCGangsnCorpsMooks.Actor.UM3c8a92eSdEQmB8]{Scav Monsters}, any scav survivors of the 6th Street Shootout scene, and 1*partycount scav-aligned @UUID[Compendium.night-city-gang-and-corp-mook-pack.NCGangsnCorpsMooks.Actor.zeG9k6liLkdHNrf4]{Booster Gangsters} in the scene.

No reinforcements are summoned for the (Dis)Organized Crime ability.

For every 6 enemies placed, create 1 scav-tagged Generic Van with a max of 30 health.

Evenly distribute enemies to arrive from either side of the scene, if possible.

Switch the scene to @UUID[Scene.s4clZm7hY4mfQllb]{Afterlife Lobby}

Remind players of the mission's personal rep opportunity

Then read the following:

Triumphant Returns(?)

Sprinter bursts through the lobby doors in a run befitting her name - out of breath, but likely doing better than most anyone else would. "Got it!" she shouts to Vido. "Scavs incoming! Shut the door!"

Vido's eyes glow for a moment, and then he swears as he pulls out his pistol from his jacket. "Merde - it's not working! Go, plug it in!"

Sprinter dashes off and takes an abrupt right at the concierge's desk, disappearing into the hotel.

"All right, mis vachers!" Vido exclaims as he levels his gun. "If you are feeling down, put on a smile, if you are hurt, rub some dirt on it - this is what I pay you for!

(Roll initiative.)

Defend The Afterlife!

As soon as initiative is rolled, the scavs will attempt to charge the building. The party's goal is to defend the entrance long enough for Sprinter to make it to admin, install the new software and raise the building's defenses.

This process takes one minute, or after Stage 2 completes - whichever is first.

Stage 1 (Arrival)

As soon as initiative is rolled, the van driver(s) will attempt to ram any players remaining outside.

If the van hits the building by accident, or hits one of the streetlamps, it suffers 6d6 damage; the building is not damaged unless it is deliberately rammed (see stage 3).

To dodge being hit, players can attempt a contested evasion check vs the van driver's technical roll; on success, the van misses them and continues moving.

If any players are hit, the scavs don't stop to double-tap - a deduction base roll of 11 or more is enough to determine that playing dead would work, so long as they aren't accidentally run over in the process.

Once they're close enough, the van(s) occupants will dismount, attempting to storm the entrance while finishing off any players left outside.

The occuptants will storm in pairs from either side of the door, and can be repelled - any scav who takes more than 7 damage before finding cover inside is considered repelled, as are any targets which are suppressed.

Once the first pair is gunned down or repelled, proceed to stage 2

Stage 2 (Breaching)

If any vans are still operational, a scav will bark an order, and the closest mook to one will return to it and attempt to ram the building, which requires 1 action to start and 1 action to complete, and only one van attempts it at a time.

On success, the manages to push through the front of the building in a cloud of rubble, and pulls free before breaking down completely, leaving a hole in what was formerly tinted thick bulletproof glass.

Vans can be stopped from ramming the building; a DV13 tactics check or a base tactics score of 11 or more is sufficient to deduce that doing so can be accomplished by:

Shooting and hitting one or more tires

Shooting and hitting the ganger behind the wheel

Dealing more than half of the van's health in damage in one round.

Repelled vans will lose control and crash, lopsided, in front of the building.

If no vans are operational, the scavs will attempt to shoot out the glass at the front of the building instead; once a pane is broken (one space), some will attempt to enter, while others widen the gap.

Once the scavs have gotten inside, or if every van is disabled/unable to ram a window, proceed to stage 3.

Stage 3 (Overrun)

Read the following:

"I got it!" Sprinter's cockney accent shouts over the building's internal speakers. Lights flash - the hotel lobby suddenly goes from blue to red as security systems activate. The hum and whine of automated defenses activating is accompanied by reinforced steel security shutters clattering down over the building's front windows. "Eat this!" the woman shouts, as chaos breaks loose.

Place an @UUID[Actor.nWA22iuCxIViNuE2]{Afterlife Security Turret} above the outside entrance; place another just inside the doors, on the wall above (4m up). Place two more 5 meters up, on either side of the wall behind the concierge's desk, between the stairwell and the elevators. Place a final one above the garage entrance 5 meters up, on the left side of the scene.

If scavs have breached the building, these turrets do not activate for 2 more rounds.

Otherwise, they immediately activate.

Assign each turret to a unique player; until the scene ends, that player may control the turret's action during their character's turn, in addition to their own. (Note: Sprinter is controlling the turrets, this is just more fun).

Metal shutters clatter shut on the front walls; any breaches in the lobby's walls are repaired immediately.

Additionally, at the start of every round, Vido may now choose to open/close the front door of the Afterlife. He may also do so as an action.

Anyone in the doorway when this happens must make a reflex save

On success, they may move to either side of the doorway.

On failure, they suffer 4d6 damage (reduced by body armor), a random appendage is severed (they take the damage for the critical injury), and they're placed on whichever side of the doorway they were closer to when it shut.

The scavs will retreat if more than 2/3rds their number is killed, critically injured or seriously wounded, or if they do not destroy at least one turret every other round.

Once the scavs have been driven off, proceed to the conclusion.