In this beat, the players are introduced to their employer while being allowed into the Afterlife for the first time.

This mission makes use of the @UUID[Scene.s4clZm7hY4mfQllb]{Afterlife Lobby} and @UUID[Scene.XcdL7EiMCNgtQHHt]{6th Street Shootout} scenes, along with a few environments. To begin:

Place a token for @UUID[Actor.17CTAE5lKmZFHY9i]{Vido Dubois} in the Afterlife Lobby scene, sitting at some of the furniture.

Place the player tokens outside the front doors in the Afterlife Lobby scene

Change the scene to @UUID[Scene.VCbthP8Ez4uhtdkr]{Afterlife Exterior Environment}.

Then read the following:

Exterior, 66 Lincoln Blvd, Upper Marina

66 Lincoln Blvd. isn’t much to look at from the outside. The Upper Marina was the first district in Night City to be rebuilt after the bombing of Arasaka Tower, and you’re surrounded on all sides by the glitz and glitter of Downtown Night City. The homeless still lurk in alleyways, and the local gang presence is still watching the streets, but there’s no gunfire and NCPD armored patrol cars roll by regularly, protecting the new corporate interests, there.

The front of the building you've come to see is understated and nondescript. On its left side is the entrance to an underground parking garage with its shutter closed. Beyond that is a cybernetics sales association, its front windows filled with reruns of bloody, cyber-augmented UFC matches from the last year. On the right is a high-end counseling center, its storefront and sidewalk lined with holographic emitters of beautiful, well-dressed counselors promising comfort and happiness in sincere, angelic voices. 

By comparison, your own address is so quiet that a passerby wouldn’t even notice it. A stylized, neon-red A glares with light above a pair of double doors. The building is 9 stories tall, abutting the sidewalk, and adorned by red LED strips to cast a bloody light over the street. It’s quiet, and the entrance is deserted. The windows, both on the ground level and upper floors, are all tinted, and look like they’ve been recently cleaned.

In place of door handles on the double doors, there are a pair of coin slots and a complex looking locking apparatus next to them. A door-cam strip is roughly at eye level above each mechanism. No one, and nothing else, is present save the party - the street deserted except for the occasional car or pedestrian, hurrying about in the miserable, persistent drizzle.

A DV17 Conceal/Reveal object check reveals that there is a powerful autoturret hidden in the top of the alcove above the door; once it's been located, a DV13 Elecctronics/Security Tech check reveals that it is not currently running.

The door does not open when interacted with, is locked from the inside, and will not respond to anything except the slotting of the gold coin in one of the associated slots. A DV11 Deduction check is sufficient to piece together that the coin you were given is supposed to be used for that purpose.

When you slot the coin, it vanishes into the mechanism with a satisfying mechanical ‘clunk!’ A moment later, a digital overlay appears above the lock it was slotted into, showing a face: Caucasian, late 30s at your guess, with a smoking cigarette between his lips and some military-grade cyberware installed on his cheek. His eyes glow with the telltale light of chyron implants, and you can see an army jacket and tags at the bottom of the frame. He's lounging about on a sheet-covered piece of furniture, and the glow in his eyes fades as he looks at you.

(Now would be a good time to share Vido's picture with the party - right click the mook, select "view character artwork, and then select "share with players" in the upper right corner of the resulting window.)

"Bonjour, mes amis!" he exclaims.

(if a character speaks french, it means "hello, my friends!").

"I have been waiting for you. Come in, come in, and be sure to wipe your feet, we just had the carpet installed!"

The doors slide open automatically with a hiss, revealing the building's interior. As they do, a cool, female voice says "Welcome to the Afterlife" over a hidden speaker.

(Swap the scene to Afterlife Lobby.)

Your players will likely want to make a good impression on Vido; doing so will affect their job payout as follows:

As players enter the hotel, have each of them make a DV15 personal grooming check which their agent bonus may apply to; if they have a base roll of 10 or more in Wardrobe & Style, this check is reduced to a DV13. Tally the group results for passes/fails.

If less than a third of the party failed, Vido's pay offer increases by 50eb/player.

If more players passed than failed, but a third or more of the party failed, nothing happens.

If more players failed than passed, Vido's offer is reduced by the same amount.

In both cases, Vido reacts amusedly and with slight disdain to those who don't look the part.

If any players have 0 points in personal grooming (excluding bonuses from chemskin and techhair), they dirty the carpet and furniture as they enter. Vido will become annoyed at their lack of care and reduce that particular player's EB payout by half, to pay for the damages.

Interior, Afterlife Lobby

Inside the double doors, a three-story-high hotel lobby greets you, lined with spacious seating arrangements of furniture on either side of the main walkway, all of which is covered by plastic sheets as though not yet ready for use. These side areas are partitioned by panels of reinforced, bulletproof wood and frosted bulletproof glass. At the front of the room, about 30 feet ahead, there are exits to other parts of the building on the left and right sides and the pathway inwards stops in front of an empty concierge's desk. Behind it are a pair of elevators, with a stair access between them.

A simulated dusk is the room’s primary source of light, shining a golden glow from above the elevators. Holographic projectors are managing an expanse of fluffy clouds beneath blue skies. Unless you frequent the Deep Badlands, this is likely the first time you’ve seen a sky this blue in 20 years - the coastal skies are either some light tone of gray or red, most of the time.

"Over here!" calls the voice from the door; looking to one of the room's furniture sets, the man from the doorway is lounging upon one of the tarp-covered seats and waves brightly at you as you enter. "Come, sit, welcome to what will soon be the greatest location in Night City!"

Talking As Vido

To save both of us reading time and to promote active play, Vido conveys the details of the job, in character, to your players as follows. Give the information to them through your conversation, after making pleasantries - Vido will ask after appearances, past work, and areas of expertise. If a character has a personal rep of 2 or more, or is a rockerboy or media, Vido has heard of them and their work. He will also talk a little about himself (see his mook sheet for more info) if asked.

Job details:

The building the players are in is soon to become the Afterlife, a highly reputable hotspot for edgerunners to meet and connect, reopening after the 2020s.

Unless your party's characters are particularly old, or have a fascination with edgerunning culture and its mainstays, they likely will not have heard of the Afterlife before now.

The security system for the building is elaborate, and will turn the hotel into a fortress once activated - but the software to run the systems has to be sourced from 6th Street, and it's "highly in demand."

Vido is concerned that 6th Street will double-cross the org, or that something will go wrong with the transaction - there were several other interested parties (Maelstrom, scavs, even the illusive and unknown Iron Sights) which were outbid for it.

The hotel's concierge and manager-in-chief has not reported back from scouting the deal.

The concierge's handle is "Sprinter," and he describes her as "big-mouthed, British, and unbearably perky."

Sprinter was meant to meet the party along with Vido, and accompany them on the job.

Vido shares her contact details, though she does not pick up her agent, if called.

He also gives the players the location of the exchange, and notes that the gear has already been paid for, and 6th Street knows they're coming.

"Remmy wants a roast beef sandwich" is the codephrase which will let 6th Street know the party is affiliated with Vido/the job.

The location is a nondescript empty lot in South Night City, well within 6th Street territory.

Vido's payment can be negotiated for using the fixer's haggle skill or via a trading check against a DV15 (or DV21 if using persuasion), increasing payout by 10%/40eb per edgerunner on a success. On failure, nothing happens.

Once this conversation is concluded, share the mission summary table on page 1 with your players if you haven't already, then proceed to beat 2. Be sure to note any differences in payout!