Every GM does friends a little differently, but they're an essential resource if you plan to survive in NC when the going gets tough. Throughout this campaign you'll have the opportunity to make quite a few. Here's the details on how that works:

Every edgerunner has the opportunity to earn up to 3; unless your GM says otherwise, I recommend that you start with 1.

If you ever end up making a 4th friend, one of the friends you currently have becomes an acquaintance - somebody you know, but not someone you depend on/who depends on you.

When you have friends, you get a mechanical benefit:

Couch Surfing: Friends don't let friends be homeless - you can crash on each of your friends' couch, two nights a week… assuming you stay on good behavior. And that they have a couch for you to crash on.

Why 2 nights? - Landlords get mad when the studio they're renting has too many people in it. Plus, after 2 nights things get awkward. Too much of a good thing.

Ride-Or-Die: I'm here for you - you can spend 2 Eagles/Background Points to bring a friend into a scene, assuming they'd be able to be there. How they act after arriving is up to the GM.

Other Stuff: Every named character in the pack who's eligible to be befriended has some kind of mechanical benefit, from being able to learn aikido in your downtime to free bailouts if you end up crossing 6th Street.

To make a friend, at the end of a session, your GM will sometimes tell you if you've caught the interest of someone you met - who/what interests them is usually listed somewhere on their character sheet, or in the mission.

Once you've caught the interest of someone, all you have to do is spend a downtime day hanging out, sometime in the next in-game week! Ta-da! It's that easy.

Alternately, if the session's ended a bit early and you have some spare time, this would be an excellent opportunity to run the Digital Dating DLC. It's strange, awkward, kind of uncomfortable and thoroughly entertaining - just like forging real relationships!

If you've ever made a friend but they became an acquaintance, you can always spend the downtime day to renew the friendship, edging out someone else on the list. Don't worry, they're probably keeping up the friendship with you for equally self-motivated reasons.

Once you've made a friend, how much you engage with them is up to you, but it's assumed that you're maintaining your friendship off-screen.

If you abuse your friendship, suddenly you won't be friends anymore. Wild, right?