Total required setup time: 15-20 minutes.

The need for better security at the Afterlife has been made readily apparent, and the party has been asked to find a suitable contractor to provide it. Fortunately, a well-reputed face from the 2030s has just surfaced, and is ready to talk.

Silver Bullets



Friend Opportunity: Silvers

Silvers is a merc with a rep, and knowing her unlocks doors, in that regard - if you have her as a friend you gain 1 personal rep. She respects and quietly admires those who are quietly competent at their work, and dislikes flamboyant posers - that is, perhaps in opposition to the setting, she's about substance over style.

Enemy Opportunity: Exec Handler

Silvers' old boss wasn't bad, but the idiot she's been handed to is a manipulative control freak with a party streak that's earned a spot in her little black book after he's spent the last couple months blackmailing her into work. If players have any enemies that are execs, you can replace the existing handler with one of them.

Rep Opportunity: Good With Kids

Get Silvers' family to like you - trust me, they'll never shut up about you after that. Only one character can earn this achievement.







Gig Payout

100eb + 2 Eagles per player, with a 25eb + 1 Eagle bonus if Silvers puts in a good recommendation for the team. Also comps the players for entrance into the Afterlife's front doors and/or bar, while they're working for the club.

Beat Chart

Beat 1: Meeting Sprinter & Vido

The Afterlife is almost ready to open, but Sprinter needs a head of security she can trust and lean on to keep things stable - and she knows just who she wants.

Beat 2: Learning the Situation

Sprinter knows where Silvers is, though she wasn't easy to track down - figure out why she's still there.

Beat 3: Silvers' Boss

Silvers is none-too-eager to stay under the employ of her exec overlord, and spills the details on what's keeping her there - it's up to the players to go deal with the situation.

Beat 4: Fuel Tanks

Silvers' son has been located - go get him back.

Beat 5: Consequences

Wrapping up the mission.