This beat uses the @UUID[Scene.x34watvhLSZ6Fkp2]{Silvers' Office Environment} scene. To proceed, switch back to it, identify which ending(s) are appropriate for the players' actions, then read the associated resources.

On Return

Another day in Night City…

If Bobby Is Returned Alive, Unharmed, And His Captors Are Still Alive & On Good Terms… (Good Ending)

Bobby babbles happily on the way back to Silvers' office, sharing the various adventures he's gotten up to with his friends at the fuel tanks.

It's possible he's taken to one PC in particular - if so, now would be a good time to describe how and why.

On arrival back at the office, Silvers and her boss are in the lobby, along with some of Silvers' team and the Militech guards. They pause mid-sentence when you walk in - the boss's eyes widen in recognition, and quicker than you can see, Silvers' blades have flashed out of their sheathes. The boss gasps and chokes as their neck is sliced open in a splash of crimson, and as if they were just waiting for the signal, her team springs into action and incapacitates the militech accompanyment.

"Mom!" Bobby shouts, seemingly unphased by the violence. Silvers' demeanor cracks a bit as she smiles lovingly down at him, before kneeling down to embrace him in a hug.

You should consider this to be the best ending, awarding players with their associated bonuses as outlined in the mission summary.

Once Bobby and Silvers are reunited, Silvers expresses her thanks, and notes that her name was probably broadcast to every bounty hunter in the city the moment she flatlined her boss. She and her crew have a couple of groundcars, and they'll be off to the Afterlife before anyone notices they're gone.

If allowed, one or more of the gangsters might have traveled back with Bobby, and received a handshake from Silvers followed by a swift punch in the jaw, though she seems amenable enough to their continued friendship with Bobby.

If a PC managed to make friends with Silvers, she needs help moving into her hotel room at the Afterlife from the tiny corporate flat that her boss provided to her, and would appreciate some assistance.

See "Service Unlocked: Silver Bullets"

If Bobby Is Injured, Or Terrified/Heartbroken Following The Death/Excommunication Of His Friends… (Neutral Ending)

Insensate tears and sobbing have only just started to die down as you finally return to Silvers' office. Bobby is still blubbering quietly, and it's clear to see that even though he'll survive the day, he's far from okay.

Inside, in the lobby, Silvers and her boss are engaged in some kind of argument. Silvers' eyes widen in time with her employer's as Bobby is brought inside, and she draws a sword in one hand a moment later, lashing out furiously at her former owner, who's stabbed in the gut before she pops an arm and blows his head open with a pistol shot. Before the body's hit the ground, her team are splattering the walls with his Militech guards - against that much coordinated firepower, they didn't stand a chance.

"Mom!" Seeming to pay no mind to the carnage, Bobby rushes forwards with tears streaking his face, and Silvers drops her sword to kneel and embrace him as he does. Her own calm demeanor shatters in time, as a look of intense worry crosses her face. "Bobby! I'm so glad you're safe; what happened?"

The neutral ending - Silvers will not blame the players for Bobby's trauma, though they won't earn their bonus and might've taken a few too many shots for the payout to have been worthwhile.

She puts the blame squarely on the shoulders of her dead former superior, instead.

Once Bobby and Silvers are reunited, Silvers expresses her thanks, and notes that her name was probably broadcast to every bounty hunter in the city the moment she flatlined her boss. She and her crew have a couple of groundcars, and they'll be off to the Afterlife before anyone notices they're gone.

If a PC managed to make friends with Silvers, she needs help moving into her hotel room at the Afterlife from the tiny corporate flat that her boss provided to her, and would appreciate some assistance.

See "Service Unlocked: Silver Bullets"

If Bobby Is Killed, Or Disappears Into The City… (Bad Ending)

The FM Receiver Crackles, The Pirate Wavelength Carrying A Cool, Seductive Female Voice…

Hey y'all, Nightlight here, taking the scream out of the sheets and into the ears for those of you who don't have time to read. Let's talk news.

Remember that special gal I was telling you about? The one-woman army that the mercs call Silvers? Seems she's back in NC after all, and on the warpath - NCPD investigation was conducted today, and it looks like she was the one who strung those poor gonks up on the North Central Bridge. If you ended up with a bit of intestine on your windshield on the commute home today, you know who to thank.

No word on what her motive is, but it looks like she's got Maelstrom in her sights at the moment - several more bodies have been found, stripped of their chrome and left to rot on the streets outside the Old City Center. Sounds like our silver lady is arming up to take on someone, though - whoever she's after, Nightlight wishes you the best and hopes you sleep with your gun in your lap.

Now to music.

The worst ending - players will not earn their rewards and Silvers will relentlessly pursue them.

Vido/Sprinter will not blame the party for their failure - shit happens, after all - though they won't get paid for it.

Silvers has killed her former employer, their guards, and some of her former team as she went over the edge into cyberpsychosis on news of her son's death/"disappearance."

With her boss out of the way, she views the players as responsible - roll her into the scene, once a gig, until she's either dead or the original party has been killed.

You may also upgrade her sheet with up to 2000eb of combat-ready cyberware, at your discretion.

If Silvers appears in the remainder of the campaign's content, she's instead absent. If she's essential, use Sprinter instead.

Your Feedback Wanted!

Did you enjoy this session? Did something go wrong? Was there broken content? I would very much like to hear about your successes and failures both.

If you have a few minutes after your session, please take the time to fill out the feedback survey for this campaign, located here. It should only take 5 minutes, and will be actively considered as I make revisions to the campaign.

Your feedback matters! Thank you for playing!