In this scene, the party meets Silvers for the first time, to learn what she needs from them while she gets a read on their capabilities as edgerunners.

To set up the scene, switch to the @UUID[Scene.511vQ9q4ArXVTYv6]{North New Westbrook Environment}, read through the Talking as Silvers bullets for yourself, name Silvers' Boss at your discretion, and then read the following:

North New Westbrook, Daytime

You can smell the change in the air as you leave downtown, and the cloistered, stinking humidity of the bay begins mingling with the parched winds of the Badlands. The address Sprinter gave you is on the very north edge of Night City, past the urban sprawl, where endless blocks of apartment buildings and seedy suburbs have finally turned into warehouses and industrial sprawl.

The factories here are humming as though the Red Decades had never occurred. For the businesses that own them, demand for their products has never been higher, and competition never lower. Steel refineries and CHOOH2 processors belch steam and carbon dioxide into the greyish-blue sky, and the inner-city stink of human refuse has been replaced by the ever-present smell of industrial chemicals; it makes your throat sore, and leaves you longing for a return to your concrete jungle.

Ask the party if they intend to do anything on the trip there, and once they arrive, switch the scene to @UUID[Scene.eHT9S5zSQV6IgEQw]{QwikkBreww Environment}, then read the following:

QwikkBreww

Arriving at the Synthcoff Stand you're greeted by dirty windows and gang tagging, the Reckoners, 6th Street and Maelstrom logos overriding one another across the walls. Inside, there's no workers - just like most of the district, the stand is automated, with nothing but a row of branded vendits selling scopbrew that likely expired years ago. The inside is empty except for plastic stools, tables covered in dust and ash, and a boosterganger kicking one of the machines who glares at you as he sees you, and then leaves out a side exit.

Once the party is visible in the shop, Silvers texts:

I see you. Be in momentarily. Don't do anything stupid.

The party has around a minute before Silvers arrives. The coffee bar itself is the opposite of anything special, and just on the edge of palatable.

Before long you see her approach from down the sidewalk, stepping out of a side alley. Although her hair is done up in a tight bun and she's wearing a suit that looks like it's worth more than the coffee shop, she has a pair of swords on her hips, and a pair of pistols above them. Steely silver cybereyes glint at you even across the street - oh, and the extra pair of arms subtly tucked away just behind and above the first raise eyebrows too.

Now would be a good time to show your party Silvers' art, if you haven't already.

As she enters the store, she looks over the party. "So, you the crew Sprinter sent out, I assume?"

Talking as Silvers

Silvers is direct and to the point, and doesn't waste time with chit-chat unless someone looks like they really don't belong, in which case she'll point that out and might need a little convincing that the runner responsible knows what they're doing.

The job itself: Silvers is essentially being blackmailed/held hostage by her current employer, an exec affiliated with Petrochem, or else a corp of your choice.

Formerly, she'd worked for the individual's father, and found that situation more agreeable. However, she was given to his son as a present and, when she expressed that she was ready to quit, her new boss decided to blackmail her into staying to save face.

Professionally, Silvers has been running black ops against SovOil for Petrochem, in exchange for the corp concealing her identity. This is part of why her new boss wants to keep her on; she's very good at her job.

Although she does want to keep her head low until she's safe in the Afterlife, exposure isn't why she's sticking around.

Rather, the exec is holding a child hostage, and if Silvers makes any kind of move, the boy will die.

A bit of persuasion (GM discretion) reveals that the child, Bobby, is not Silvers' own, but rather she robbed the cradle of an exec she assassinated in the 2030s.

The reason she took the child is because if she hadn't, it would have starved in the crib and she was worried leaving it would cause her to fall into cyberpsychosis.

She kept it out of a sense of human connection - she simply had no better solution for making sure the infant was safe and well cared for.

Silvers is not altogether happy about the weakness this has produced in her, but ruefully and begrudgingly accepts that she's a better person for it. She would die for her boy.

Oh, and the kid doesn't know he was a stolen baby, and she'd prefer to keep it that way.

The job itself is to find and recover the boy, by whatever means the party finds appropriate.

The boy himself is being kept hidden by some hired goons that the exec owns - but Silvers doesn't know where. If she did, she would've made the move on her own.

She suggests that the party go to meet her boss and get the info out of him, somehow.

The child is named Bobby - no last name - and Silvers describes him as about 9 years old, around 4'5", with bright green eyes and a big smile.

Silvers also emphasizes that if anything happens to her child, she will hunt down and kill the party for allowing him to be hurt.

This isn't a joke - if the players somehow get Bobby killed or he disappears into the streets of NC, Silvers will immediately kill her boss, his personal guards, and then begin hunting the players as a cyberpsycho. Time to call in MaxTac.

Lastly, Silvers notes that while she's not sure what state her child is in, he's been in his new home for a few months now, and she'd like to make sure he gets out with a minimum of trauma if he's being well cared for.

That is, she's not sure if the exec's just thrown him in a day-camp, hired a surrogate caregiver, or what, but wants to make sure he's removed without too much issue.

She's not sure what apparatus the exec has cooked up to ensure the child's condition is linked to her boss's own, but suspects that it involves a dead man switch on his biomonitor - and making a quick call on his internal agent from a signal number would also be trivially easy.

Once all of the above information has been given, Silvers leaves - she's taken a few minutes break to meet the party, but notes she has to get back to the office.

Before leaving, she shares that her team is loyal to her, but her boss doesn't fully trust them and has a pair of personal guards contracted from Militech that won't betray him.

She provides the party the office address, and requests that they be discrete in their visit, but that her team won't stand in their way while they're on the premises.

Once players are ready to meet with Silvers' boss or make a move for the boy, progress to beat 3 and/or 4. See Thinking Outside The Box for suggestions on how the situation can be resolved without putting anyone's life in jeopardy.