In this beat, players meet up with the Afterlife's staff members once again, to learn what's next for the club after their antics a few days prior.

This mission makes use of the @UUID[Scene.s4clZm7hY4mfQllb]{Afterlife Lobby} and @UUID[Scene.GVfVYf3mAoPg0JO5]{Fuel Tanks} scenes, along with a few environments. To begin:

Place tokens for @UUID[Actor.17CTAE5lKmZFHY9i]{Vido Dubois} and @UUID[Actor.C1opBA4gYUZcTiGp]{Sprinter} in the Afterlife Lobby scene, sitting at some of the furniture.

Place the player tokens outside the front doors in the Afterlife Lobby scene

Change the scene to @UUID[Scene.VCbthP8Ez4uhtdkr]{Afterlife Exterior Environment}

Then read the following:

Another Day, Another Job

It's a cool evening in Night City, which is a sum relief after the heat and humidity of the day. The clouds from the previous job have long since burned away, leaving the city streets to soak and steam in the sunlight amid the smells of melting asphalt and boiling urine.

Each of you received a text from Vido, earlier in the day:

Bonjour, mis amis! Your next job is ready, and sooner than I expected! Please come for a visit this evening; myself and dear Sprinter will be waiting with drinks in hand and gold in the wings.

An addendum follows: "Ah yes, and as the security is now working properly, mind the door; it has a bit of an attitude towards uninvited guests, and will readily shear you in twain, should you cross without payment."

(Swap the scene to the Afterlife Lobby)

You'll recall that the doors to the Afterlife don't open automatically, and require a coin to get in. Now that security is working properly, so are the doors.

Every visit to the Afterlife requires at least one coin for admission; this purchase allows a user to stay on the Afterlife grounds for up to 18 hours, before being asked to pay for a room.

While on the premises, players are wrapped in one of the safest locations in Night City, soon to be moreso: once Silvers is recruited, she and her team will hunt down those who attack others on the Afterlife premises, delivering to them a swift and well-deserved end.

Meanwhile the automated defenses have at least been enough to keep out the riffraff, and the location is still relatively unknown - anyone staying the day will be safe, whether pursued by loan sharks, Militech or Maelstrom.

Each coin opens the doors just long enough for 2 individuals to enter; they snap shut with hydraulically-driven force after the second person, and are smart enough to recognize two people.

A third can sneak in behind the other two with a DV21 Stealth check

If players are entering the Afterlife at the request of one of its staff members, they can knock and ask Sprinter to let them in, instead of paying, though this is a breach of the Afterlife's rules.

Initially, this will only require a DV13 persuasion check for each player entering, assuming they look presentable. If any player befriended Sprinter, they automatically pass this check.

After this mission, the club will "officially" open, and this check becomes more difficult; players will need to pass a DV17 check each time instead, and supply a new reason why they aren't able to pay (or mooch off one of their party members). If Sprinter is a friend to them, this check is reduced to a DV13, though they still need a new reason each time.

Once the check is failed once, it's failed forever; if you don't have a coin to get in, you'll have to ask the person providing the job to meet you somewhere else.

If something trips the security (like a third player attempting to enter and failing their stealth check), the doors automatically snap shut.

Anyone in the doorway when this happens must make a reflex save (roll 1d10; a result ≤ their REF score passes)

On success, they move to either side of the doorway

On failure, they suffer 4d6 damage (reduced by body armor), a random appendage is severed (they take the damage for the critical injury), and they're placed on whichever side of the doorway they were closer to when it shut.

They'll also be apprehended by security, who will perform first aid to staunch the bleeding and then swiftly eject the offender (with their dismembered body part, if necessary) and warn them that if they're caught doing it again they'll lose more than just a limb.

Once Inside

It seems someone's taken the covers off of the furniture since you last visited, revealing a gorgeous array of baby-blues and whites, most of which is made from plush and comfortable synth-leather. Of the previous job's altercation with the scavs, there remains no trace.

Sprinter and the Frenchman are sitting in the same area they were the last time you met; next to Vido is an open wooden crate, and the two are chatting animatedly about a recent MMA match while sipping drinks. "Ah, there you are!" Vido calls. "Come, sit! Care for a glass of Night City's finest? I guarantee you won't have a drink like this again for free, anytime soon!"

Roleplaying Exercise - Pick Your Poison

As players sit down, they can choose to partake in the alcohol that Vido has sourced, which is soon to be used as part of the Afterlife's bar (which is still being set up downstairs). Players may name any type of alcohol, but need to provide a unique maker and a little bit of context surrounding the drink (hether it's from a local brewery or imported from a Russian oligarch's personal reserve, Vido has everything).

Those who participate may earn 1 background point if that system is being utilized, which expires at the end of the mission - otherwise, they simply gain +3 to their next check.

Once everyone's settled, Sprinter begins talking about the job.

Job Details

Sprinter is the hotel's general manager, taking on the various duties that keep things humming so The Owner can focus on their work. She's seeking assistance, in this regard.

The Afterlife needs a head of security - someone who can take care of the ne'er-do-wells who make trouble, be they inside the building or escaped and across the city.

It just so happens that a famous mercenary from the 2030s has been spotted around town after disappearing, years prior, and Sprinter's already made contact to work out a deal.

The merc's name is Silvers, and she's a bodyguard, saboteur, and professional assassin.

Silvers seemed amicable to the job offer, but said she needed assistance to be released from her current boss, and refused to say more without meeting the crew that would be responsible for helping her.

As for why she'd be so cagey, Sprinter can guess that she has a rather large bounty on her head and wants to keep a low profile.

Silvers has provided a discrete time and place - more specifically, an automated synthcoff shop a few blocks from the border between Watson and New Westbrook. In terms of meeting spots, its nowhere - the gangs that tagged it have probably already forgotten it exists.

Sprinter wants the party to go meet with Silvers, see what she wants, and get her back to the Afterlife - willingly - to discuss the details of their potential contract further.

Outside of those sparse details, Silvers requested a "competent team of at least - the number of party members present -" but didn't say anything further.