Total required setup time: 20-30 minutes.

The Afterlife is now open, and the club is popping! It's just another day for Night City's newest gang of edgerunners, on their way to their next job - or is it?

Mission written by _null_.

Danse Macabre



Friend Opportunity: B00zeHound and Jerry

There are two hidden friend opportunities in this mission.

Enemy Opportunity: Maelstrom, Piranhas, or Merrill, Asukaga & Finch

There are three hidden enemy opportunities in this mission.

Rep Opportunity: So Clouseau, Yet So Far

The first time you roll a critical failure to investigate or talk to suspects, fail so hard that you succeed.

Gig Payout

Variable - about 5 Eagles per player.

Beat Chart

Beat 1: Meeting Clarisa

The PCs enter the Afterlife, meet Clarisa, and act as if they are doing downtime at the club. They eventually make it to the bar, where Sammy greets them. Clarisa gets a call and runs off, then returns to the bar for a drink. 'Her song' begins, and she hits the dance floor.

Beat 2: A Nerve Roll From Hell

Clarisa starts dancing wildly, and Sammy or the PCs rush over to help her. She thrashes with an expression of frozen pain as they go to bring her to her room. Sammy says that they shouldn't call Trauma Team until they can get her out of the club. Sprinter tells the players that the owner wants them to figure out what happened, given that Clarisa is a loyal patron and an important income source for the club.

Beat 3: Eye, Meet Magnifying Glass

The players are given free rein to investigate the Afterlife for any clues relating to what happened to Clarisa.

Beat 4: Chasing Leads

On this beat, players can choose to investigate any of the leads that they found while investigating the Afterlife.

Beat 4A: The Yogurt Shoal

Tracking the piranha dealer that's been plugging for Clarisa is a good idea. The players find him at a combat zone frozen yogurt shop that operates as one of the Piranha's 'shoals'.

Beat 4B: The Merill, Asukaga, and Finch Building

Talking to the person Clarisa was talking to before the incident might provide a valuable ally. It looks like they work on the 13th floor of the MA&F building. The players enter the building and find out how they are going to get to the 13th floor.

Beat 4C: The Totentanz

After doing some lead chasing, it looks like there is some kind of Maelstrom connection that connects what happened to Clarisa and a rockerboy named Jerry. The players enter the dangerous Totentanz to get some questions answered.

Beat 5: Aaron Kelly's Bones

AK is Antonio Kelly, Clarisa's new dance instructor. The players confront him at his dance studio on the tip of the Glen to find some answers and get some justice.





