The group now has free reign to explore the Afterlife for clues.

Character Knowledge:

The people in the Afterlife know more about Clarisa, and they might be able to provide more context to what just happened.

Sammy Chauvin:

Sammy is shocked, and Clarisa's main advocate against the cold focus of Silvers and the business-focused attitude of Silvers. He gives any information he has willingly, but he admits to not knowing much.

Sammy knows that Clarisa has frequented the bar from day one of 7th Circle's opening and that he has seen her talking to Sprinter and the staff before it opened officially.

Clarisa's 'usual' was a Raspberry Lime Vodka Soda, made with Triti-fizz.

Sammy knows that Clarisa does some recreational drugs, specifically synth-coke and molly. She also mentioned that she had a Piranha plug at somewhere called the 'Yogurt Shoal'.

Clarisa would sometimes talk about her dance instructor Antonio, and her accountant Sasha.

Clarisa would playfully flirt with Sammy, but never with any real intent or genuine interest. Sammy remembers sex being a bit of a sore subject with her, one that she would quickly try to move on from.

Sprinter:

Sprinter is unnerved, but still focused on what best serves the Afterlife.

She knows that the owner and Clarisa have known each other for a while and while the owner does not consider Clarisa a peer, they do seem to have some kind of sympathy or care for her. Sprinter does not know why and does not want to ask.

Sprinter remembers that Clarisa would bring a 'shy, bin-wearing* girl' over to the Afterlife regularly, but she has not seen that shy girl in the last few weeks.

*Bin is British for glasses. British people are weird, huh?

Sprinter is not too hellbent on revenge, given that she disliked Clarisa quite a bit. Clarisa's unusual habits and free reign of some of the hotel bugged Sprinter. Sprinter also notes that Clarisa has been a bit more unstable these past few weeks.

Sprinter got the song that played during Clarisa's incident off of the Data Pool after she heard about it being released early. Sprinter then added it to the hours-long digital DJ playlist without really thinking about it again.

The band that made the song, Jerry and the Holofracts, is a noted raver/party rock 'group'. Technically the band is just one guy (the eponymous Jerry) with the other members being holographic vocaloids.

The full list of members is:

Jerry, the real artist, singer, and frontman

Jimmy, the focused and skilled keyboardist

Jason, the bad-boy (don't play by the rules) guitarist

Jeremy, the intense and scary drummer

Silvers:

Silvers is unfazed and she avoids answering any questions beyond necessary ones. She is guarding and monitoring Clarisa (sending some other staff to keep bouncing the 7th Circle).

Clarisa's state is slowly improving, but the thrashing has not stopped.

Silvers knows that Clarisa was regularly going to the Glen border zone(the edge of the Glen that bleeds into the combat zone) at least twice a week. She knows this because Clarisa would occasionally ask for defense tips, to which Silvers would reply, "Tip one, go somewhere else."

Silvers does say that Clarisa has been of some help in the past. She has a good relationship with some Piranhas that have allowed the club to acquire some 'useful goods'.

Silvers thinks that Sprinter dislikes Clarisa because her euro-heiress status especially reminds her of some tumultuous events from her past. Silvers admits to being occasionally annoyed by the woman, but she holds no anger towards her.

Clues in Clarisa's Room:

Her Wrist Agent, Electronics/Security Tech check (Can also unlock all info via her password: A11N1GHT)

DV 10

What are her contacts?



Sasha(accountant)

B00zeHound (piranha supplier)

Antonio(dance)

M&D (mom and dad)

DV 13



Can we get a transcript of the call?



Yes. (Play the call transcript from Beat One)

DV 16

What is her schedule?

Sunday: PARTY in the morning, prep at night.

Monday: Go to work at the Glen.

Tuesday: Work, Meet with Antonio

Wednesday: Work, Meet with M&D for euro

Thursday: Work, Spa day at night (pick up party supplies).

Friday: PARTY TIME!

Saturday: P.A.R.T.Y.

Her body, Cybertech or Deduction check.

DV 10

What caused this?



The music must have triggered the effect, not any drugs in her drink.

DV 13



What ware does she have?



She is chipped with a braindance recorder, any-fit feet, and a cyberaudio suite (if this was found with Cybertech, the player notices that her cyberaudio has been hacked). Her braindance recorder is running, weirdly

DV 16

Who did this?

It must have been some kind of hypnotist or chemical. She does not have sufficient ware to have her body act like this due to a hack.

Her room, Conceal/Reveal or Deduction check.

DV 10

What can I glean about Clarisa based on this room? 



The room is messy, with clothes thrown in a pile next to a hamper. Her makeup vanity is well organized in stark contrast. She cared much more about how she looked outside of this room.

DV 13

Does she have anything hidden here?



Nothing earth-shattering. A drawer of sex toys, a work computer, a list of dates. It becomes clear that she holds multiple jobs, one being a stock market trader and another being a braindance porn star.

DV 16

Who else has been here?

At first, it seems like just her… but the bottom of the trash can reveals the truth. Used condoms from at least a week ago.



Clues at the 7th Circle:

Her Drink: Triti-Fizz and Vodka, Science(Chemistry) check.

DV 10

Is it spiked? 



Yes, the drink has small traces of the powdered foam of a recently crushed pill.

DV 13



What is it spiked with?



Half a Molly, ground.

DV 16

What is the dosage? 

70mg(slightly below standard).

DV 20

Is there some other chemical here?

Nearly imperceptible to anyone, something about the smell confuses you.

The song, Composition or Play Instrument check.

DV 10

Have I heard this song before? 



Not in a club, but it has been gaining traction in the garden. It does not sound like what usually plays at the Afterlife.

DV 13



Who wrote this? Who performed this?



Jerry and the Holofracts, a popular garden patch band that makes raver music. It is unknown where they get their funds from. Some strange, static-like background noise plays in the track.

DV 17

My fingers trace the chords. What is being hidden here? 

Heavy bass, screaming frenzy… chromer rock. Your hands reveal the truth between the chords. This sound is the sound of the Totentanz, the sound of Maelstrom.