The FM Receiver Crackles, The Pirate Wavelength Carrying A Cool, Seductive Female Voice…

"Good evening Night Citizens. This is Nightlight, the voice of the city, here to take the scream out of the sheets and into your ears for those with radio sets and the drive to survive our fair city's streets! No matter how tired from the day you are, the city is still just waking up. Keep your wits up, NC.

"Our top story revolves around the surprising early release of Jerry and The Holofract's latest single: 'Party All Night'. This release is notable due to being unprompted, unheard of, and not even having the right name, with the garden patch page it was hosted on seeming like the song was supposed to be titled 'Mixxer With Misfits'. The patch was taken down two hours after posting, which lends fuel to this being an accidental release. In any case, downloads of the song are available to you incurably curious night owls.

"In other news, I've had people asking non-stop about my hunch that preceded the recent attack on the Central Bank of Night City. Nightcrawlers, come on. I know what is happening in my city, or in this case, what's likely. Keep your ear to the ground for these kinds of scoops, or better yet… keep listening to this broadcast. Who knows? Maybe our next segment concerns you in particular, dear listener.

"Speaking of which, are any of you Night Crawlers superstitious? Do you lock your doors and windows multiple times? Do you throw salt over your shoulder? Do you walk in circles in your apartment, trying to work up the courage to sleep in your container? Reports are coming in throughout Pacifica's residential areas of strange incidents, animal bones on doorsteps, missing neighbors, and chalk symbols in alleyways. If you are not superstitious Night Citizens, it might be a good time to get superstitious soon.

"Coming up next, let's put that ever-present dread aside with some tunes. It's the Jerry and the Holofracts classic from last year, 'Let Me Feel Some Sexual Synergy'. Until next time this has been Nightlight, signing off, and here's hoping I've made your night a little bit brighter."