Setting up the @UUID[Scene.Bzh48OjmFSyyn5SQ]{Yogurt Shoal:} The players should be placed in the Yogurt Shoal scene, outside of the building. Make sure the @UUID[Compendium.night-city-gang-and-corp-mook-pack.NCGangsnCorpsMooks.Actor.chaw6SnD8fe0ix6E]{three Piranha gangers} are in one of the booths, and that @UUID[Actor.F8eeHrvoA08QvPxL]{B00zeHound} is behind the counter. Put three @UUID[Compendium.night-city-gang-and-corp-mook-pack.NCGangsnCorpsMooks.Actor.9WT6eQPP522T77mq]{street junkies} in front of B00zeHound, and then populate the street with junkies, punks, and bullies to your hearts desire.

(Note, for maximum chaos roll on the Cyberpunk Red corebook's random encounter table, making sure to adjust with higher numbers given that the players are in a combat zone. This is fully optional, but can serve as a good choice if you want to sell the 'danger' of the zones.)

Swimming into Yogurt Shoal

You step into the infamously crammed combat zone street known as Los Lobos Street (also called wolf street) by the locals. The street is filled to the brim with junkies and various other people down on their luck. The street stinks of vomit and gasoline, with the single frozen yogurt shop serving as a stark contrast to the gloom. The words 'Yogurt Shoal' are inscribed via a neon sign that also contains an image of a cartoon fish swimming into a frozen yogurt cup.



A combat zone frozen yogurt shop (on the corner of Pacific Blvd and Los Lobos St) that serves as one of the Piranha’s ‘Shoals’. The Piranahs will see anyone who chooses to come to their door, as long as that person is willing to talk biz. This building does not have a net architecture.

The players can duck into the back alley and mess with the building's generator if they wish to gain more of a 'surprise attack'.



You walk up to the yogurt shop, passing under the neon sign. You see who you presume to be B00zeHound at the counter, wearing a small paper hat and a raggedy cream-brown trench. He is talking to two girls and a male joytoy, his chrome grill glittering as he speaks. The group all laughs together before leaving the shop. In the booths to your right, three quiet Piranha members sit patiently. One of them is smoking. B00zeHound turns over and smiles.



(Read in a relaxed, friendly voice.)

"Welcome to the Yogurt Shoal, pal. Looking for some late-night treats?"



Dishing with B00zeHound:

B00zeHound smiles as the players approach, and is very open… until the players ask about Clarisa. 

He can be persuaded at a high difficulty. DV: 18. 

Trying to fast talk him with a Conversation is much more effective. DV: 15.

The players can learn more about him through Human Perception or Deduction. DV:17

The players can try to also try to Bribe him. DV: 16 - (euro offered by players / 100) rounded up.

Should the players commit a serious faux-pas, or try and push him to talk about too much too quickly, he will gesture over at the Piranah goons in the both and attempt a facedown against one of the players. If all else fails, iron is drawn and initiative is rolled.

During a fight, B00zeHound will attempt to run the moment one of the piranha goons drops, doing anything he can to make it off the bounds of the map and escape.



He knows some things he gives freely:

Clarisa was one of his top clients, and she had been coming to him for the last four years.

She, despite all of her constant partying, was a lot more measured than his other clients. She planned out where she would be, portioned her money, and always brought friends with her to places. That all changed these last few weeks, as Clarisa had started going off the ‘deep end’. 



And he knows some things that he will not:

He has an arrangement with some Maelstromer guy, where the guy drops off a list of ‘clients’ that need their drugs spiked with some kind of ‘secret sauce’. B00zeHound feels partially bad about doing it, but he really feels like he needs the money.

B00zeHound describes the Maelstromer guy as 'Wearing a strange disco ball helmet, with spiky clothing and a reedy, athletic build' .

Clarisa was on this list and the Maelstromer was insistent that she, in particular, got some of this ‘secret sauce’.

B00zeHound, against the terms of his agreement with the booster, did some chem analysis on this ‘secret sauce’. It seemed to be a heavily diluted mix of barbituates and Veritas. Undetectable when included in a pill’s composition.

