Mission Setup Time: 30-40 Minutes. Most of that time will be spent identifying and setting up the convoy and Dustwalker/player vehicles as outlined in Beats 2 and 3.

With the basics taken care of, ownership is shifting focus to some luxury services - turning the Afterlife from a spot into a destination. One of the stretch goals is transportation, turning the Afterlife from an isolated kingdom into a small part of an ever-expanding ecosystem.

Jingle Jangle Jingle



Friend Opportunity: Ranger

Ranger is a storied veteran of CW4 and the Steel Vaqueros, who's split off to form his own family called the Dustwalkers. He's very predictably a huge motorhead and always enjoys a good scrap, but is put off by those who've abandoned their humanity to cyberware. He'd be happy to teach his friends how to drive all manner of vehicles.

Enemy Opportunity - Militech Convoy Commander

Recovering the Dustwalkers' vehicles from Militech will be no mean feat, commanded as they are by a mean, well-seasoned corporate veteran. The convoy commander can be replaced by any enemy who's aligned with Militech, or has a military background.

Rep Opportunity: Hey Man, Nice Shot

Make an aimed shot against the head of an enemy more than 50 meters away with a sniper rifle. If it hits, the target is instantly killed and the character responsible gains 1 personal rep.

Gig Payout

500eb + 4 Eagles per player, with a bonus of 150eb + 2 Eagles if the Dustwalker vehicles are recovered without any damage, and another 100eb + 1 Eagle if no Dustwalkers are seriously injured in the attempt.

Beat Chart

Beat 1: Dustwalker, Texas Ranger

The group meets up with Vido, who introduces Ranger and breaks the ice - you're about to go up against Militech.

Beat 2: Desert Winds

Ranger takes the party out to the Badlands, where he introduces his family and provides some extra resources for the ambush.

Beat 3: Scouting The Convoy & Ambush Site

A nondescript, deserted highway has been located, which will be the perfect ambush site. Alternately, the party gears up for the ride of their lives as they attempt to take the convoy without it ever slowing down.

Beat 4a: Ambush In The Dust

The trap is set and sprung, as the ambush stops the convoy in its tracks.

Beat 4b: Ambush On The Road

The perfect stretch of highway has been located, ideal for nabbing the convoy without ever needing to stop it.

Beat 5: Triumphant Returns

The survivors return to the Afterlife for their pay and some very well-earned R&R.