This scene makes use of the @Scene[wanUwHXksurmCUGL]{Badlands Environment}. To begin, read the following:

Bumpy Ride

The ride out to the Badlands isn't comfortable at the best of times. Night City isn't exactly known for its well maintained roads - and beyond the city limits, cracked asphalt quickly turns to gravel beyond the highways, which themselves haven't seen paint or fresh pavement since before CW4.

And even those vestiges of level ground and society are quickly left behind - Ranger's substitute ride needs a new set of shock absorbers, to be sure, but that doesn't stop him from immediately taking it off road. Mexican rap plays over the stereo as you bounce around beside him or behind him. Unless you've got wheels of your own, and those geared for desert wear-and-tear at that, the hour drive quickly turns to hell.

Ranger is cheery, though, either because he's used to getting knocked around or, more likely, because his seat has some extra padding in it that wasn't spared for shotgun or bed. He makes loud conversation over the radio - "So, locos! How long have you known Frenchie? Do you trust him?"

The ride to the desert is a test of endurance more than anything else. Every party member must make an endurance check for the ride, the difficulty of which varies considerably:

Ranger's truck has 1 spare seat - for the character occupying it, the check is DV15. This check can be auto-passed if the character has 4 or more points in the Endurance skill.

If the rest of the party isn't able to provide their own transportation, they must cram into the truck bed, which is hot, lacks proper seats and has no shade. The check for those riding in the truck bed is DV19, and reduced to DV15 if the character has 4 or more points in Endurance.

If a party member has a Moto rank of 4 or more, they can make a DV13 Endurance check instead of any other option.

If the party has access to a set of wheels that have been desert-prepped (note: GM discretion on what that constitutes), those riding in the vehicle make a DV13 Endurance check; this check can be auto-passed if the character has 3 or more points in Endurance.

On failing the check, the character is fatigued, suffering a -2 penalty to all actions until they've had at least 4 hours of uninterrupted, comfortable rest.

(Note: the convoy will be in "ambush position" within 2 hours of the players' arrival to the Dustwalker camp).

Once all players have made/skipped the check, continue below.

After an eternity (about an hour) under the desert sun, the Dustwalker camp finally rolls into view. It's not much to look at, but maybe that's the point. Desert camo tarps are covering an array of vehicles, and similar looking tents have been pitched that blend well with the surrounding sand. The entire arrangement has been set up in a gully, surrounded on all sides by dunes and rocks. In short: if you didn't know it was there, it'd be virtually impossible to find.

Figures - Dustwalkers, presumably - emerge from tents as Ranger's truck arrives, maybe a little over a dozen in total - given the number of vehicles, it's likely there's a few more inside, keeping out of the heat. Most of them are dressed similar to Ranger - faces obscured by helmets, dust masks and sunglasses, bodies covered in sun-worn nomad leathers.

"We're here locos!" Ranger calls as his truck engine rumbles to a halt, and the stereo with it. "Welcome to Dustwalker central. Mi casa es su casa - let's get you up to speed."

Ranger is quick to introduce his family to the party - mechanics, drivers, gunners, and so on, it seems that everyone has a role. He also provides the following to get the party set up for the mission (Note: you'll need to set these vehicles/mooks up later, so keep track of what's showing up!)

Every party member is provided a @UUID[Compendium.cyberpunk-red-core.core_gear.LTxStSIeRegbtZpd]{dust mask} and a @UUID[Compendium.cyberpunk-red-core.core_clothing.5ieeaIfU392bw34p]{Dustwalker Nomad Leathers Jacket} which both look similar to his own.

The jacket provides a +2 bonus to checks made to resist desert conditions, like those endured when driving to the camp. The dust mask is a dust mask.

He wants the jackets back when the job is done… unless the party wants to join the family, anyway.

He also provides 4 bundles of dynamite for use in a potential ambush situation or whatever else.

The dynamite bundles are @UUID[Compendium.cyberpunk-red-core.core_ammo.tivSfxqoNYnBlNah]{Armor-Piercing Grenades} which operate via timer and/or fuse instead of detonating after being thrown.

Setting the timer/fuse correctly requires a DV15 Demolitions skill check; this check can be auto-passed with 2 or more points in the skill.

Ranger pledges Dustwalker support to helping jack the convoy, as follows:

He will provide @UUID[Compendium.night-city-gang-and-corp-mook-pack.NCGangsnCorpsItems22.860mzcwLNjI8k1VY]{Buggies,} @UUID[Compendium.night-city-gang-and-corp-mook-pack.NCGangsnCorpsItems22.x9phBEbuufeWlZiW]{Motorcycles,} and @UUID[Compendium.night-city-gang-and-corp-mook-pack.NCGangsnCorpsItems22.fJADjN524RCZyD54]{Generic Trucks}.

The party has access to a pool of moto points for this requisition = the number of party members.

A truck costs 3 points, a buggy costs 2, and a Motorcycle costs 1.

If players aren't driving (see next), each vehicle taken will be manned by 1 @UUID[Compendium.night-city-gang-and-corp-mook-pack.NCGangsnCorpsMooks.xoiovcHTBz5FK3Jz]{Steel Driver,} renamed to Dustwalker Drivers.

Otherwise, any empty seats are filled by @Actor[PvwsjskfBnf7Uhlu]{Steel Riders}, renamed to Dustwalker Gunners.

In both cases, each vehicle may be upgraded once, at you or your players' discretion.

If upgraded with a weapon mount, the weapon mount can only hold a heavy SMG in the case of motorcycles, or an assault rifle in the case of trucks or buggies.

In cases where Dustwalker mooks are provided, best practice is to give players control over those mooks to a limited degree - noting what they'll be doing and when.

You can do this by copying the sheets and giving your party ownership over them, or else by taking their orders during the encounter.

Note: they're still humans, and their loyalty would be to the Dustwalkers first in all cases - this is just a way to improve player impact and spice up a scene that will, in all likelihood, have a lot of actors in initiative.

Lastly, Ranger potentially provides loaner vehicles to party members which know how to drive but haven't brought their own wheels.

He requires proof that the party member can drive correctly, first - this requires a DV15 Drive Land Vehicle check, which cannot be attempted without at least 2 points in the skill, and can be auto-passed with 4 or more points in the skill.

If the check is successful, each player who succeeded and doesn't already have their own car can borrow a @UUID[Compendium.night-city-gang-and-corp-mook-pack.NCGangsnCorpsItems22.860mzcwLNjI8k1VY]{Buggy} or a @UUID[Compendium.night-city-gang-and-corp-mook-pack.NCGangsnCorpsItems22.x9phBEbuufeWlZiW]{Motorcycle}.

These vehicles count towards the vehicle limit outlined above, and are also manned/upgraded accordingly.

Once players are ready to start planning their attack by scouting the convoy, proceed to the next beat.