That's not besmirching the concept. Rather, it's a reflection of some feedback which the first iteration of this campaign received. In general, the GMs of the RED community seem to be more-or-less on board with the setting's scarcity elements.

But for the players, many of whom come from a "wealthier" system - namely D&D 5e - the concept is less appetizing. I feel the core rulebook does not well enough emphasize how scarcity can be used as a storytelling tool, and how you should embrace it. With that said, there are also some points surrounding this module's currency - Eagles - that I'd like to reemphasize, since it may be easy to accidentally skip over them while running the game.

First, though:

Why Scarcity?

In Red, characters are always struggling to survive - and having run RED for awhile, I feel that comes down to a pair of elements.

Red is a very small system compared to other systems.

Everything is treasure.

The first point has been alleviated, somewhat, by the presence of Black Chrome and other DLCs. But despite that, Red focuses tightly on common elements that are shared between games - as opposed to most long-running TTRPGs, which have enough class and item variety that you can easily move across half a dozen games and never see the same character archetypes twice.

This means that when scarcity is ignored, the system "goes stale" very quickly.

For all its flaws, the community-accepted character progression path for 5e is long enough that most players will never have the opportunity to take a character from level 1 to 20. Doing so takes years of weekly sessions to properly accomplish - all while GMs are free to dump new common and uncommon magic items and piles of gold onto them on a week-to-week basis.

In Red? Excluding rent and vehicles, most player characters can be furnished with every gadget that they could ask for, for less than 20,000eb - and a quarter of that amount will be spent on therapy rather than gear, to boot.

Scarcity and in-game time are used to help balance this problem - gear is harder to find, jobs are less frequent, and pay is lower than expected (even when hustling, an exec doesn't make much more than a couple hundred eddies a week). Without scarcity, your players will reach the end of their character's power progression before they've even found the start of it - so with that said, let the buyer beware on choosing to do so.

How Scarcity?

In lieu of removing it, here are my recommendations on how to handle it in such a way that your players and characters enjoy it.

Treat wealth as power - if player characters are bling'd out in some capacity, they should be taken more seriously. Style Over Substance and all that.

Make gear special - treat stuff worth 500eb+ like a magic item in 5e: hard to find, cherished by its owner, and likely very hard to get to.

Dangle the carrot - run night markets regularly, but make the items you roll harder to get to than just throwing cash around. Require rep minimums, or job favors in addition to payment. Make it fun.

Yeah Whatever, How Do I Get Rid Of It?

If you do decide you want to remove the scarcity elements from your game, though, the solution is simple - just double the payouts of all the jobs in the campaign and let players buy what they want when they want. It won't be balanced, but… so what? If your players are after a power fantasy or want to have the 2077 experience instead, let 'em! They'll be legends quickly, and that works to a GM's advantage in beating them back down in true cyberpunk style. The candle that burns twice as bright burns half as long, right?

Just be warned - the higher level a character operates at, the easier most of this module's gigs will be, and the quicker they'll be bored by the system. GM accordingly.